teacher_id,teacher_prefix,school_state,project_submitted_datetime,project_grade_category,project_subject_categories,project_subject_subcategories,project_resource_summary,teacher_number_of_previously_posted_projects,project_is_approved,essay
484aaf11257089a66cfedc9461c6bd0a,Ms.,NV,2016-11-18 14:45:59,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need 6 Ipod Nano's to create and differentiated and engaging way to practice sight words during a literacy station.,26,1,"Super Sight Word CentersMost of my kindergarten students come from low-income households and are considered \""at-risk\"". These kids walk to school alongside their parents and most have never been further than walking distance from their house. For 80% of my students, English is not their first language or the language spoken at home. \r\n\r\nWhile my kindergarten kids have many obstacles in front of them, they come to school each day excited and ready to learn. Most students started the year out never being in a school setting. At the start of the year many had never been exposed to letters. Each day they soak up more knowledge and try their hardest to succeed. They are highly motivated to learn new things every day. We are halfway through the year and they are starting to take off. They know know all letters, some sight words, numbers to 20, and a majority of their letter sounds because of their hard work and determination. I am excited to see the places we will go from here!I currently have a differentiated sight word center that we do daily during our literacy stations. The students have activities that relate to whatever sight word list they are on. This is one of their favorite station activities. I want to continue to provide the students with engaging ways to practice their sight words. \r\n\r\nI dream of having the students use QR readers to scan the sight words that they are struggling with and the Ipods reading the sight words with them. This would help so many of my students by giving them multiple exposures to the words. My students need someone who can go over these sight words daily and I can't always get around to everyone to practice their flashcards with them. With the Ipods they would still have a way to practice their sight words on a daily basis."
df72a3ba8089423fa8a94be88060f6ed,Mrs.,GA,2017-04-26 15:57:28,Grades 3-5,"Music & The Arts, Health & Sports","Performing Arts, Team Sports",My students need matching shirts to wear for dance performances and competitions.,1,0,"Keep Calm and Dance OnOur elementary school is a culturally rich school, with a diverse population of 580 students, in Pre-K through sixth grade.\r\nOur Title I school population has 92% of students qualifying for free or reduced priced lunches and a high concentration of English Learners.   We also serve two foster group homes for temporary and long-term placement of homeless children. \r\nWe do not see these statistics as road blocks. We see them as additions to our rich diversity.  Together we will help students to develop to their fullest potential: Creative, problem-solving,  compassionate adults.We strive to provide our diverse population of  students with not only extra curricular activities, but an outlet for them to express themselves creatively.As a teacher,  I have organized a dance club for lower elementary that meets once a week after school.\r\n\r\n This gives the girls something to look forward to, fosters the education of the whole child, and creates a social environment for our varied cultural student body. \r\n\r\nSince beginning our dance club, I have watched our girls who normally are introverts, bloom with excitement. They are also choreographing dances and productions in content areas during the school day."
a9b876a9252e08a55e3d894150f75ba3,Ms.,UT,2017-01-01 22:57:44,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Literacy & Language","Applied Sciences, Literature & Writing",My students need the 3doodler. We are an SEM school which means students learn using a profile that tells them what way they learn best. Having this 3doodler will help my students learn.,5,1,Lets 3Doodle to LearnHello;\r\nMy name is Mrs. Brotherton. I teach 5th grade at Ascent Academy in Utah. We are a wonderful charter school that uses the students' interests to help them learn. We are always looking for wonderful teaching methods to help students.  \r\nMy students are wonderful. I have several levels in my class. Our school is big on curriculum compacting and helping  gifted kids move faster and struggling kids get the extra help they need. We would benefit so much from your donation. Every little bit helps us reach our goal. I teach Science to all 88 5th grade students and have clusters of 25 new students every 8 weeks. Your donation will help more than just one 5th grade class it will help several students not to mention the students in years to come.\r\nWe are looking to add some 3Doodler to our classroom. It would be wonderful to have our own set of 3Doodler. In order to help our students achieve our mission. Our school is big on using technology to help students express what they have learned through a medium of their choice. Having these 3Doodler in our class my fast and advanced learners will be able to go ahead and start the project while I help the other students get their. The 3Doodler will also allow each one of my students find a medium to help them learn and retain the knowledge.
525fdbb6ec7f538a48beebaa0a51b24f,Mr.,NC,2016-08-12 15:42:11,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need balls and other activity equipment to meet the needs of this \""kid Inspired\"" project for them to increase their physical activity.  The different balls, parachute, and activity equipment will do it increasing their.",16,0,"\""Kid Inspired\"" Equipment to Increase Activities and Gain Better HealthMy students are the greatest students but are socially and economically disadvantaged.  We are an inner city school being limited to doing all activities in (PE) Physical Education inside because we have violence at the location where our school is located.  All the physical activities the students are active with are within the school so we have to have a good program.\r\n\r\nMost of the students are either African American or Hispanic.  The students range from being enrolled as a kindergarten-8th grade.  Since Physical Education is important with one's success in school; all the students have PE class Monday through Friday every day.  The proper equipment in PE is not always possible so this is why we are here asking for your help with shelving.\r\n\r\nThis project is \""kid-inspired\"" in that they want better fitness.  They look back at their PE class and said that is only 30 minutes each day.  They go to an extended day school year-round school which after 3:00 in the afternoon they have 30 minutes for more physical activity.  They said they need more equipment to be active with.  The students being \""kid inspired\"" want a variety of equipment for life changing physical activity.The student's project which is totally \""kid-inspired\""decided they needed more equipment to keep the them active and gaining better health.  This \""kid-inspired\"", they realized they needed 60 minutes of physical activity in school, and they are going to make it happen.  They get 30 minutes in Pe daily so they have to come up with 30 minutes more.  They are not getting it when they go home because their extended day at school.  The students said they need more equipment because they do not have what is needed in school presently.  The variety of activity equipment,a large variety of balls, and a  parachute is what the students are asking for.  This equipment will increase peer-to-peer learning among students.  This is very important building leaders within our school and community.\r\nIncreasing activities in all the students will help each student have better health with 60 minutes of daily physical activity.    The physical activity is what all the students are talking about.  Getting more!\r\nThe peer-to-peer learning building leaders and happiness within our school being everyone is active.  This activity will only be possible as \""kid-inspired\"" with the equipment they are asking for."
a63b5547a7239eae4c1872670848e61a,Mr.,CA,2016-08-06 09:09:11,Grades 6-8,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need a water filtration system for our culinary arts class.,42,1,"We need clean water for our culinary arts class!My students are athletes and students who are interested in health and physical activity.   In my elective class my students have a garden in which we grow our own food and make healthy meals within the kitchen.  My students love cooking from scratch and being creative with their meals. Most of my students don't know how to cook from scratch, but they learn all of the basics in my classroom.  If you don't have health, nothing else seems to matter.For some reason in our kitchen the water comes out from the faucet white looking and not clear like most water that comes from the faucet.  We are not exactly sure why that is, but the students are wary of using that water for their cooking or drinking.  After much online research we feel that the Berkey Water Filtration system would be an ideal solution to our water problem.  Although the water in Compton is probably fine to drink, it would be better for us to err on the side of caution and have our water filtered before we cook with it or drink it."
403c6783e9286e51ab318fba40f8d729,Mrs.,DE,2016-11-05 10:01:51,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","Character Education, Literature & Writing","My students need tablets  in order to communicate with their virtual mentors through a program I started called Telementoring.  Students exchange messages in a shared online folder, video chat and read digital books.",0,1,"Need to Reach Our Virtual  Mentors!!!My kids tell me each day that they want to make me one happy teacher.  And they do!  They are Respectful, On-Task, Accountable, Responsible & Safe.  These are our school's core values.  \r\n\r\nThese first graders amaze me with their determination to improvement academically!  I have watched them make up a half of school year's worth of learning in just two months.\r\n\r\nMy babies are defying the odds and on their way to closing the achievement gap.  They just need more support!\r\n\r\nI started a program called Telementoring in hopes that each of my students would receive a virtual mentor.  The response has been awesome.  Adults are providing the much needed encouragement, support and motivation that my students need.\r\n\r\nThe students' writing has improved tremendously and they are also progressing in reading.  This is aided by their online interaction with their mentors.\r\n\r\nI need the tablets so I can set up a mentoring station.  This would allow for more students to participate daily and expedite academic and social growth.  Currently we only have three desktop computers and when working, they are used to access our math software.\r\n\r\nWe have our Telementors.  Please help use connect to them!\r\n"
4e156c5fb3eea2531601c8736f3751a7,Mrs.,MO,2016-08-31 00:30:43,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need stability stools and inflatable discs to help them focus on their day but stay active as well.,1,1,"Active KindergartnersKindergarten is the new first grade. My students are held to high expectations in Kindergarten which include learning how to read, addition and subtraction among other things. They are still young! Our biggest challenges are our attention spans and sitting still. We take many dance breaks throughout the day but we always need some sort of outlet for our excess energy. \r\n      My students love superheroes, Minecraft, Barbies, and recess, of course. We have many opportunities during the day for play but it never seems to be enough for these kiddos. They have huge imaginations and tons of creativity to boot. The students in my classroom come from diverse socioeconomic and cultural backgrounds. I have special needs students in my classroom as well as a highly transient population.With balance discs and stools as flexible seating, my students will have choice when in our classroom. This will help prepare them for the real world. I hope to create self-regulated learners. When giving students choice they will be able to hopefully make a safe choice for themselves and also meet their own sensory needs. These students should be able to learn and grow in an environment suited to their needs. At this age they need to be active. They will learn better with an outlet for their \""fidgets.\"" Focus will improve and more learning will get done.\r\n\r\nWith these donations, I hope to help students' attention spans, which will result in higher achievement and also create more opportunities for active engagement in the classroom.\r\nI want to motivate students to want to come to school and learn! Giving students choice will also improve community within my classroom and allow for better relationship building."
c71f2ef13b4bc91afac61ca8fd4c0f9f,Mrs.,SC,2016-08-03 13:26:01,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","Early Development, Literature & Writing",My students need wiggle stools to allow them to be active learners!,0,1,"Fabulous Firsties-Wiggling to Learn!First graders are fantastic! They are excited to learn and grow each day. These students have many wonders and are very curious about the world around us. \r\n\r\nMy students are 6 and 7-year-olds in a high poverty elementary school in South Carolina. \""Sitting still\"" is not something they love to do. Many of my students are in need of an active learning environment.  We are so thankful for any donation you can give to help us reach our goal. Thank you!First graders love learning! We need 6 wiggle-stools to allow students to wiggle while they learn. This will keep their brains and bodies active! As an educator, I've spent time researching the best practices for my students. One of the most common strategies I've seen is keeping students active! That being said, these stools will go to good use! \r\n\r\nFirst graders learn well in small group scenarios, with the chance to move around while learning reading, writing, math, and science.\r\nWe plan to use these stools at our small-group learning table while teaching reading, writing, and math. Thank you for your generosity!"
b580c11b1497a0a67317763b7f03eb27,Ms.,IN,2016-09-13 22:35:57,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need seating that allows the most fidgety of them to move around while they are learning. These chairs are a great classroom stool that allows students to wobble while they learn.,13,1,"Wobble Chairs Help Fidgety Kids FocusMy seventh graders dream big. They can't wait to go to college and they dream of college and careers in healthcare and engineering and law. But to get to those goals they are going to have to work pretty hard to overcome some obstacles. Almost all of my students qualify for a free or reduced lunch. 65% of my students perform below grade level on standardized tests. 30% are learning English in middle school and 25% have a learning disability that impacts their academic performance. Despite all of this, my students work hard every single day to try to close these gaps.I have used alternative seating in my classroom for years to help my most active students. I have seen a huge growth in student engagement that translates to a big increase in student grades and in test scores. \r\n\r\nI want to reach all the students, including the students who need to move while they learn. I have used exercise ball chairs and chairs with wheels, but after trying these wobble stools, I can't wait to have some in my classroom.  They are durable and fun and will allow students to move around without distracting the students around them. \r\n\r\nMy students love that they have a choice about where to sit, and thinking about what type of seat helps them learn the most helps them develop self awareness and be better advocates for their own education."
2071fb0af994f8f16e7c6ed0f35062a1,Mrs.,IL,2016-09-24 18:38:59,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need 2 youth sized reclining chairs for reading time.,12,1,"Snuggle Up With A Good BookI teach first grade in a small farming town in Illinois. We have such a diverse students population. On one side of town, we have students who come from half-million-dollar homes and on the other side of town students who come from public-housing situations. 30% of our student population receives free and reduced price lunch and school fees. My goal for all my students is to give each and every one of them the SAME opportunity to learn with every advantage possible.\r\n\r\nIf I can accomplish one thing in the short time I have my students, it would be that know that I truly love and value them as individuals.\r\n\r\nThere is nothing better than snuggling up with a good book and getting lost in it.  I strive to create a love reading by motivating students to want to read.  For that past several years I have been adding furniture such as a couch, pillows, and a tent for students to \""snuggle up\"" and read a book.  I would love to add these 2 reclining chairs for students to cozy up in while reading. Currently not all students have a comfortable space for reading.  By adding these two recliners more students would be able to have a space during reading time. \r\nI have seen first hand students develop a love for reading because they are able to get comfortable.  Students beg for me to extend our silent reading time."
b9e731e16ad8669f37a43e5316518106,Teacher,VA,2017-03-09 17:16:13,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need individual dry erase boards to show their own work and thinking during whole group lessons, small group lessons, and independent activities.",1,1,"Writing, Writing, Writing!My classroom has 24 students in it. We have an amazing group of kids that love to learn. Even at just 5 or 6 years old, these children are learning so much! They are learning to read, write, tie shoes, social skills, and so much more! By having seat sacks, these children would be able to keep their work in one place and go back to it. Our reading can be kept nearby for them to reread over and over.In our classroom, we use dry erase boards throughout every subject and lesson. These dry erase boards give our kiddos the opportunity to express their thinking individually. From this, I can see where the children are in their learning and where they need to go. \r\nThe children also use these dry erase boards to do independent work. They love to write and write even during free time. This gives them the opportunity to write about what they want to!\r\nCurrently, our classroom only has a few dry erase boards for the children to use independently. The few we do have are pretty old and beaten up."
103cc1667cf9361bf1c58c8425e76e95,Mrs.,CA,2016-09-05 19:28:32,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need a projector and tablets to allow them to access the same technology most others take for granted.,1,1,"Technology Boost!My children come to school everyday with the same expectations as any other children; they are eager to learn, excited about new discoveries, and want to feel like they have a place in this world. My challenge is to meet their expectations regardless of the fact that many of them face extremely difficult economic situations at home. \r\n\r\nAll children deserve access to educational tools, regardless of their family's economic standing!  Most of my students come from working class families that are trying their best, but are unable to provide what many take for granted. The only exposure most of my students have to technology is at school, and our aging classroom equipment is barely limping along.With our new iPads, my students will be able to access educational programs, games and websites to enhance their learning, especially in math and literacy. My children love sharing their work with each other as well as seeing real-life examples of classroom concepts, and our new LCD projector will give us this opportunity all day long!\r\nThis new equipment will give my wonderful students the technology boost they deserve and need to be on an equal playing field with other children their age. It will also help them develop the skills necessary in third grade when they are expected to be computer literate to complete the state's on-line standardized tests!"
4681d60136ea859084ab488f2254b219,Ms.,PA,2016-12-08 13:25:03,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","Character Education, Literacy",My students need books that teach life lessons and promote discussions on being good people.,3,1,"Life Lessons through LiteracyMy school is located in a high poverty area, just outside of a major city.  100% of the students are part of the Free Lunch program due to socioeconomic status.  They come from a wide variety of backgrounds, with approximately 80% of the students being minorities.      \r\n\r\nIn terms of reading, most of our students have yet to reach proficiency levels, although we work towards this every day.  Having high quality books that teach life lessons and promote discussion is a top priority for me.As a Reading Specialist who serves Grades 1-8 in a high poverty, underperforming school, I am always looking for more ways to incorporate reading into everything we do.  Each class holds a daily morning meeting, and each teacher has been charged with reading and discussing a picture book or novel for part of one morning meeting each week.  \r\nMy goal with this project is to begin a small library of high quality, engaging picture books that teach a lesson.  Teachers would be able to borrow books based on the needs of their students, for example: taking turns, telling the truth, being kind, personal space, having self-confidence, dealing with bullies, respecting diversity, and so on."
9b7f355e34bc9ca5740779b69ee14d8e,Mrs.,NY,2016-11-15 22:13:39,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need good books, with life lessons and adventure, to stimulate their curious minds and to demonstrate how good writers bring their readers inside the story!",5,0,"Extra! Extra! Read all about it!!  We love to read!!Each day my fifth graders walk into our \""home\"", our beautiful classroom, ready to learn. They especially love to read!  My kids are from a low income community. I teach in a title 1 school. Many students come to school with no supplies, such as notebooks, pencils, folders...the basics they need to get through a school year.  Books have become a way for us to discuss issues they may face as 5th graders. They are making connections to other books as well as to their own lives!  It's. beautiful to see!My students have had a taste of good reading!  They often ask me if they can read!  Imagine that?!  They always want to have their noses in a book and especially love when we are all reading the same one. Reading will undoubtably improve their daily performance in school and will also give them the skills to perform well on state exams. Books keep my students calm and focused and our discussions are deep and meaningful.  Our favorite time of the day is when we all gather to discuss what we have read. They're making predictions, inferences, connections... it's beautiful!"
882c8ddea1d5c4c31976e34f20b461f9,Ms.,FL,2017-02-02 13:46:56,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need flexible seating options to promote learning and keep students that are easily distracted engaged.,0,1,"Flexible seatingThe children at our school come from a variety of socioeconomic backgrounds.  Students from the migrant farms come to our school with very little supplies and some with limited parental support.  We are also an inclusion school that include various students with learning disabilities, ESE students, and ELL students.\r\n\r\nAll of my first grade students enter my room with an eagerness to learn and explore. Whether they are beginner readers still working on their letter sounds and sight words, or reading well beyond grade level, my goal is to provide a warm, loving environment that promotes risk taking and exploration.After fifteen years of teaching, we have seen an increase in the diagnosis of ADHD and ADD in our children.  It is a challenge to keep their attention and also have the expectation that they can sit in their seats for long periods of time. \r\nWith flexible seating, the students will be able to consistently move or get comfortable, while they are focused and learning.  I also have several ASD (children on the autism spectrum) that would benefit from flexible seating.   The bouncy seats and bean bags will be available to children so they can work when they are comfortable.  Your donation will make the school day so much easier for one of my ASD or ADHD students."
74c7a7de62df6005b718dfea1447c745,Mrs.,NJ,2016-11-18 18:03:06,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need cushions to sit on during centers and small group activities.,11,1,"A Comfy Seat!My third graders are eager to learn new concepts in any way possible. They are enthusiastic about learning, as well as helping  one another in anyway they can. My goal this year is to focus on their writing. They love to express themselves through writing and illustrations. For many of my students this a way for them to share their feelings and express themselves in a way they are not able to do verbally.\r\nMany of the students in my classroom receive free or reduced breakfast and lunch at school. We are known as a title I school in my district. Despite many of the hardships my students space on a daily basis at home they always come to school ready to learn. My school is an extremely welcoming place that is full of teachers that are friendly and truly care about each of the students in the school. \r\nMy students will use these cushions on a daily basis in my classroom during centers. My students have center time in both reading and math. My students participate in small group instruction, games, and small activities with a partner. Unfortunately, the size of my classroom is too small to have a rug for them to sit on during this time. When the students work in centers they have to sit at their seats or on the floor. These cushions would allow my students to sit all around the room and spread out. \r\nThe donations to this project will help me gain cushions for my classroom that will help my students feel comfortable, and allow them to have their own spot to sit around the classroom.\r\nMy students will enjoy participating in centers even more since they will have the cushions to sit on comfortably.\r\n"
d69e412550b14dd8286e347f726908c2,Mr.,TX,2016-09-04 22:48:49,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","ESL, Mathematics",My students need to learn how to use technology as an educational tool and this iPad would be perfect for that.,3,1,"iPads for Bilingual EducationMy students are Hispanics, Spanish been their home language. They are English language learners, and they come from economically disadvantaged families. Most of them do not have computers or tablets that they can use at home to complete homework or do small research projects. The only technology they have access to for their learning is in school and we do not have enough technology in the classroom to prepare them for the future. Houston ISD is beginning to transition from book based learning to digital base learning, making teaching my students how to use technology in their education another subject to teach.Having an iPad pro will allow my students learn how to use technology as an educational tool that will help them become better prepared for the future. \r\nMy student are Spanish speaking and they are learning English as a second language, and the use of iPads can help them learn ESL better and faster.\r\nTechnology can provide my students with the opportunity to learn English, Math and Science using the learning style that better suits them. We all learn the same academic material differently, and the technology been requested can help my students learn by seeing, listening, speaking and writing, while doing it at their own pace."
5d710e545d6952a3c12bfb45a7f9f08c,Mrs.,IN,2017-01-25 22:08:09,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Health & Life Science, Mathematics",My students need engaging math and science home kits to give students exciting math and science experiences outside of the classroom while involving families and helping them become an active participant in their child's learning.,64,1,"Taking Learning Outside of the Classroom!\""Learning is an active process. We learn by doing.\"" - Dale Carnegie\r\n\r\nI teach a fun, energetic group of kinders with a love of learning. My students come from diverse backgrounds and bring a variety of experiences into the classroom. They enjoy learning and are always ready and eager to explore and learn something new!  Students take an active role in their learning by exploring and using their critical thinking skills daily.  My goal is for all of my students to not only meet, but exceed the Indiana Academic Standards by creating a student-centered classroom. \r\n\r\nEighty-eight percent of my students receive free breakfast and lunch.  The National Student Clearinghouse Research Center states that poverty is the best predictor of college attendance and completion. Their research has also found a good education is seldom available to children living in poverty, but the long term solution is a high-quality education. Poverty is increasing, but the spending on education is not. The challenges my kindergartners face on a daily basis does not stop them from coming to school with a positive attitude and an eagerness to learn.We are constantly learning in kindergarten. Every minute of every day, we are learning! I would love for my students to continue to learn outside of the classroom. My hope is for them to play games, play outside, and have fun with their families while they are learning.\r\nThese kits will allow students to have fun learning with their families! These kits give simple step by step directions that will allow families to help their children without anyone becoming stressed about what to do.  All the materials they need will be inside of each take home bag. \r\nStudents will be strengthening their science, math, and reading skills after they leave the classroom each day. Every student will be allowed to check out a science or math kit and a book. They will use their emerging writing skills to write about what they learned and their favorite part of the home activity. Once students return their kit, they will check out another one. \r\nMany of my parents do not have many learning resources at home. This project puts so many learning materials into their hands. Research shows students learn best when everyone is involved in their learning. This project has so many benefits but one of the best parts is that it promotes and strengthens family relationships!"
e7a8f866e3174a77ffe37323f032a8ac,Mrs.,FL,2016-04-27 09:58:04,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","College & Career Prep, Literature & Writing",My students need these reading materials to help them learn in a fun and motivating way. With this reading genre carpet and reading and writing materials they will grow.,6,1,"Watch Readers Grow!During our reading workshop students are at daily 5. My students need activities to help them practice skills in a fun and enjoyable way that is on the level of each child. As the teacher I enjoy conferencing with each student, so the more engaged the students are practicing the skills they.My students lack confidence. I have a class with such great potential. My students need more hands on learning and extra practice to catch and grow a love for reading. My second graders love to learn. We have resources but most are out dated. My students would be so bright if they could only build confidence. I believe in them and now I want to see them bloom.During our reading workshop. We do mini lessons that focus on a skill and then they rotate through daily 5 (centers). These reading activities will help them apply what they learned and reinforce the skills. They rotate through self read, buddy read (carpet) listening, writing,  word work (reading skills). If the class is actively engaged this leave more time for small group learning and conferencing with students. The giant magnet words will help at word work to build sentences and use the correct parts of speech. The classroom carpet will be for read to self where students can cozy up with a good book. Read with a pen close reads will be used during buddy read where students can zoom into the meanings and what is being read. The language skill center and quick picks will be used for our writing center and will help students with the skills they need to be great writers. All these materials will help my students grow doing our daily readers workshop.Your donations would greatly be a blessing for all my students. They focus on all the daily 5 rotations as well as help them grow. These reading activities will keep students engaged so the teacher can work and help students master the skills they are week in. The reading genre carpet will be used to enjoy a cozy place to sit and read. The close reads will be at buddy read so that students can help each other focus on what is being read. Thank you in advance for helping them grow as reader."
b21174f6246deadc11c2157a958d7953,Mrs.,LA,2016-05-21 19:46:06,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Early Development, Special Needs",My students need manipulatives to pieces to give them the opportunity to make multiple requests while playing with the same item.,34,0,"Success With CommunicationA preschool classroom, created to meet the needs of children with developmental delays. My students' work is play. My work is to provide an environment rich in educational opportunities mistaken for play. My students are 3, 4, and 5 year old children with developmental delays, such as autism and cerebral palsy.\r\nThese delays require my students to work hard to achieve the skills that come to most children naturally. This causes them to have a higher level of frustration and a lower level of success. I strive to help my students succeed.When my students enter my classroom for the first, they are usually 3 years old and nonverbal. Many have received speech therapy from birth to 3, but most have not made significant communication progress.  My job as a teacher is help my students develop a functional form of communication. To do this we follow a structured protocol that always starts the same. Step one is to find several highly preferred toys, items, or activities. Step two is to remove those highly preferred items from the toys accessible to the child. Step three is to photo the items. Step four is to make the student exchange the photograph, called an icon, with a caregiver to receive the preferred item. Eventually this leads into our nonverbal students creating simple sentences using icons to communicate. For some of our students all the practice leads to verbalization. To facilitate the functional communication process the class needs lots of manipulatives with multiple pieces. As the child plays with these items, s/he will need additional pieces. To receive each piece the student is required to communicate by icon, icon sentence, or with words. The ability to communicate their wants and needs is something that comes naturally to most children. But for some children communication is such a challenge it causes them significant frustration. Imagine being the parent of one of these precious children and please consider donating towards helping some very special preschoolers find their voice. Thank you for considering this project for donation."
3bfe21c62feb8fd744a696a36487b452,Mrs.,PA,2016-08-19 21:46:42,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need opportunities to increase their critical thinking skills. Gravity Maze makes students think outside the box.,0,1,"A-Maze-ing Problem Solving StrategiesAs a teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences.\r\n\r\nI seek to expand their horizons throughout the year by incorporating hands on activities to develop their critical thinking skills. \r\n\r\nOften students from lower socio-economic backgrounds are not exposed to many of these opportunities and/or do not believe that they can achieve their full potential. My job is to show them all that they are capable of.The Gravity Maze game incorporates the STEM skills development and encouraging students to tinker and learn through trial and error problem solving.\r\n\r\nThis hands-on, educational game is great for building critical thinking, visual perception and reasoning skills. \r\n\r\nThe object of the game is to arrange colorful, translucent towers to move your marble from it's starting point to the target location. You can only use gravity to accomplish the task and there is only one design that will successfully move the marble directly to the target. There are over 60 challenges so you are guaranteed to have hours of fun and learning. \r\n\r\n"
b3593a375f2cf7fd4469b928ffac1c95,Mrs.,NY,2016-09-30 08:12:37,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Music & The Arts","Early Development, Performing Arts",My students need the opportunity to develop oral language skills through fun hands on activities like story telling through puppetry.,0,1,"Oral Language Development through the use of puppetry!Teaching kindergarten in a diverse district poses some challenges due to language barriers. I believe oral language development is at the forefront of helping a child feel successful in many areas, both academically and socially. Puppets can give them the chance to explore a side of them they didn't know they had. They can take on new roles. \r\n\r\nMy students need to be given the opportunity to communicate through playful activities, without the struggle of specific vocabulary they feel they must use.Students don't often get the chance to 'play' and 'talk' in school. Kindergarteners are working hard learning to read and write each and every day.\r\n\r\nThe ability to 'play' and tell stories with the support of puppets can help my students develop their oral language skills in a non threatening way, risk taking way.\r\n\r\nMy students come from diverse backgrounds. Finding a common ground can be difficult. Puppets can help level the playing field and give students a chance to talk, retell stories, and create their own stories. Taking on a new role can help shy, non verbal students come out of their shells."
4ee410ea0ea8a0b4660b56c2f3648bbf,Ms.,NC,2016-07-17 21:54:21,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a leveled classroom library! These super kindergarteners need fiction and nonfiction books for beginning readers!,5,1,"\r\nABC Ya in the Library!\r\n\r\n\r\nMy mostly Spanish speaking kindergarten students are ready to learn! Every single individual child varies in their level of phonemic awareness, but all want to learn to read and write! Their expectations are the same as mine; they want to be able to read and write fluently. \r\n\r\nSome of these children are seasoned preschoolers, while others have never been to school. However varying their phonemic awareness, they all anticipate the same goal - being independent readers and writers. \r\n\r\nMy school is a Title I school in an urban district. Most students come from diverse homes where other languages are being spoken. This is my challenge! I get them speaking and reading in English in 9 months! We need books that are specifically tailored to meet their needs. \r\n\r\nWith this leveled classroom library, these students can begin to read at their own pace. My students can learn to read successfully and independently. I have seen it happen!\r\n\r\nThese books are written especially for beginning readers using leveled sight words, phonetic pacing and subject matter that is interesting to young children. \r\n\r\nI have seen these books work as a foundation for beginning readers. I had sets of these books at my former school, but going into a new school and classroom, I no longer have this luxury. My classroom does not have a reading library! We need these readers desperately!"
a22774168d7910adce6969c8d8faee7c,Mr.,TX,2016-06-16 14:27:56,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need four iPad minis, and four protective cases for the iPad minis.",0,1,"Mini Devices With Many Opportunities\""You can dream, create, design, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it requires people to make the dream a reality.\"" - Walt Disney\r\n\r\nNo matter how hard I try to have the best materials or how I strive to give the perfect lesson, none of that can be as important as the students that are in my class. These students come from different backgrounds, yet when we are together in my classroom, we work together as one family. My students give their best effort every day. I've set the expectations that they are to come in ready to fill their brains with knowledge, hearts with love, and lives with joy. I must admit that the smile on their faces, when the light bulb turns on, can turn about anyone's day around.I plan on implementing these iPads into reading, writing, math, and science. I know that technology is advancing, and now we are seeing younger kids who can overcome obstacles that many older adults struggle with. There are students who do not see how resourceful their parent's computer, tablet, or phone, can be when it comes to learning. By having these iPads, I can teach and guide them on proper technology/internet responsibilities. I know they get information about these responsibilities from our Computer teacher, but I think having something that is popular with our culture will help in the reiteration of those responsibilities.\r\nMy vision is to give students the opportunity to work on their fluency and comprehension during reading, by getting apps that will help them build those skills. When it comes to writing, I will have apps that they can use to help check their spelling, and to publish their pieces. For math I would get apps that will challenge them to continue of the addition and subtraction strategies. With science, I will let the students use them for research."
fdf9938d5f9e381630384c2452b159e0,Mrs.,PA,2016-10-22 22:25:32,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need leveled readers to maximize their independent reading skills.,8,1,"Leveled Library for Little LearnersMy students attend a K-8 school in an impoverished, inner-city setting where resources are often scarce.  They enter Kindergarten with little to no background knowledge of what school is like, how to work collaboratively with other children, or most importantly, how to navigate their energy, feelings, and emotions within a eight-hour school day.  They see and experience more about life as a young learner than most adults do.  They are often forced to be responsible and mature much before they should.  But, despite what little they may be perceived to have or know, I don't let this serve as an excuse for the growth and progress they can make!This year, we are really focusing on reaching our primary students' reading skills.  Along with embedding daily phonics and sight word practice, my students' progress is already growing.  But, there is one crucial piece of this puzzle that is missing: appropriate books for students to read independently.\r\n\r\nAlthough my first-graders' enjoyment for reading books is built up with my small, but growing, classroom library, it is filled with books that I use for Read Alouds.  Filled with great stories, nonetheless, my students need books that they can actually read and build confidence with!\r\n\r\nThis project will target independent reading levels for all of my students as well as give them a personalize place and space for their very own books with the use of the book bins.  I can see their eyes lighting up now when we get to open brand new books that are for each and every one of them!"
efc95ee511efe14d1955789663317432,Mrs.,NC,2016-08-28 21:20:57,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Mathematics, Special Needs",My students need balance ball chairs for the group work tables.,28,1,"Balance Ball Seating Needed for Engaging Group WorkAs a teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, I see that my students are faced with challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences. My students vary from highly gifted to special needs. \r\n\r\nMy students are creative, clever and very spontaneous. They like to move and love lots of positive attention. All students receive a free lunch based on the socioeconomic status of our area. These things may prevent them from getting ahead early in life and may not provide them with the life experiences many of us see as \""typical.\""My students are in school for eight hours. That's a long time to be expected to sit still in traditional school desks. I am determined to increase engagement and health for my students by providing alternate seating and/or standing. In addition to the standing desks I'm asking for in a different project I am seeking to add balance ball seating to my group work tables. My hope is that this will lead to increased mastery of the skills and concepts I need to teach in addition to improved posture and overall health. It will also make learning a little more interesting."
b74b266d6e52c0348a8dcef8b0ea4a2b,Mrs.,NJ,2017-01-13 17:40:30,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need hands -on education to help them be successful!,3,1,"No Paper And Pencils AllowedI work in a low-income, high poverty school district . The students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Our students come from many different cultures and backgrounds such as African Americans, Latinos and Bangalees. Some of our students never had any formal education prior coming to our school. \r\n\r\n      Providing students with a strong foundation is extremely important in the beginning years of school. Our students come to school eager to learn and want to  perform well in their class. Having the appropriate tools and resources helps engage student learning in all areas.\r\n\r\n       I am a Special Education teacher and teach students from ages 5-8 years olds. They come to the resource room due to their learning disabilities and struggle with basic phonics and number sense. Furthermore , these students also have issues with the English Language which makes learning more complex.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe activities that I have chosen will not only be used with my students, but with other children that are having the same difficulties in math and phonics. These activities are great because the students can either work independently or in a group setting. \r\n    My students need support and reinforcement with math , rhyming and phonemic awareness. Phonemic awareness is the crucial part in the foundation for reading. The items I am requesting will get the children excited about learning while playing games that are engaging. \r\n    Some students have difficulty with  fine motor skills which limits their ability to manipulate educational materials and tools. The game Flip & Solve Math Boards and Count & Sort Ovens will help those students gain functional hand skills by flipping tiles and opening or/and closing small boxes . \r\n      Counting, adding, subtracting and comparing numbers is another area they struggle with . The Count and Compare Numbers game has an  alligator with an open mouth to eat the larger number. This game will definitely have the children interested in learning about comparing numbers. These hands-on activities I am requesting will definitely help these students in these difficult and troublesome areas. \r\n     Your generous donation to our project will improve our classroom by making them stronger in reading/phonics and math. Our main goal is to  help increase their academic achievements!\r\n"
f4594111d55f22ee3ed5e8e4a1c2852b,Ms.,UT,2016-10-11 19:16:18,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Literacy & Language","Environmental Science, Literature & Writing",My students need earbud headphones to use in the classroom with Chromebooks.,6,1,"Can you hear me now?Our classroom is filled with bright smiles and learners of all levels. The classroom is thriving with students who are eager to learn. We are off to a great start this school year! I cannot wait to see how much these students grow.\r\n\r\nMy students are creative, motivated and bright.\r\nAll students in my class are hard working individuals who set goals and what to achieve them. Our classroom is made up of diverse learners. We are learning so much from each other every day! Not only is our class amazing, but our school is the BEST school in the district!Chromebooks computers are used daily in our classroom. Students use Chromebooks to conduct research, take quizzes, write papers, listen to educational sound clips or watch educational movie clips. Most of these projects require sound. A classroom of students all working at the same time becomes very noisy and distracting. Each student having their own headphones will eliminate the noise distraction in the classroom. Students will be able to focus on the content in a quiet environment And eliminate the noise distraction. Students can be more successful working independently in a quiet environment. Also, some students are audible learners and headphones provide that instruction."
32a2fb6f6a1aca27a686cea452973f03,Mr.,ID,2016-10-31 19:17:04,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need 80 copies of \""The House of the Scorpion,\"" by Nancy Farmer.",0,1,"Finding a Voice Through LiterartureMy students live in a growing school district in southern Idaho. Our school was just built this year, and we have struggled to find the resources necessary to accommodate our ever increasing population. The area is quite rural, with a strong agricultural presence. In fact, there is actually a corn field across the street from our front doors! \r\nMany of my students come from agricultural families where they have spent their time working with their parents to provide for their siblings. In addition to our large population of low-income families, we also have been blessed with a strong population of minority students. It is my hope that these sweet children will be able to find a voice amidst the chaos of their busy lives.My students are voracious readers, hungrily pouring through page after page. In our studies this year, we have asked the question \""how do we form and shape our identities?\"" We have tried to answer this question by examining the lives of different literary characters, and by discussing how race, poverty, family, tragedy,  society, and individual choices shaped them. I want this question to be powerful and relevant to all of my students, and I want to share books with them that they can ALL relate to.\r\nI have so many sweet, Hispanic students who yearn for books rich in themes of social justice; books that spotlight their family's culture, and encourage them to build their own identities. The novel, \""The House of the Scorpion,\"" describes the life of Matt, a young man who discovers he is a clone. He fights against prejudice and cruelty, and eventually escapes his captors, fleeing a drug cartel to find new purpose and acceptance in Mexican society. It is a beautiful story of hope that shaped my experiences when I read it in high school. I want to bring that same hope to my students."
65f5f57c7b035d58ec095602a8f7dcf6,Mrs.,OH,2016-10-25 12:37:57,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need Graphic Novels of high interest to jump start their reading.,1,1,"Let Me Read!We have the best students ever! We are a community school and have over 500 students with 13 different languages spoken at our school. We are a low income school and offer free breakfast and lunch everyday. We also provide many after school programs to meet the many needs of our students and families. Along with offering programs, we strive to meet the needs of all our families by providing resources for housing, a food pantry, job assistance, clothing, and counseling services.My students need Graphic Novels of high interest to make them want to read. My  students receive extra reading support to help them read on grade level. It is difficult to find age appropriate, high interest reading materials to encourage and get them excited to read. These books will allow my students to feel like they are successful readers while working at a level that is just right for them. \r\nStudents will have the opportunity to read alone and with partners in order to learn the way that is best for them. Having good books will excite students and encourage reading!"
17563b7d138a9ca1e7308f0f480e7d09,Ms.,NY,2016-12-06 21:19:44,Grades PreK-2,"Health & Sports, Special Needs","Health & Wellness, Special Needs",My students need an opportunity to sit and work in a way that fits their learning style.,9,0,"Seating Like a Boss- Our 21st Century Room\""Great job buddy!\"" is something I hear every day I am in my classroom. The students in room 12 love each other and work hard to make sure every day is a good day. This year I have a bright and bubbly group of 20 second graders who love to dance, laugh, and have fun together. \r\nThese second-graders come from a suburban area with many shared interests and hobbies.  We love to provide students with new experiences each year to help them create fun memories in school with their peers.In order to promote essential learning skills and innovative ways to collaborate and learn, students need a 21st century work environment that promotes communication, creativity, and collaboration. \r\nDo you want to sit in a desk and chair for 8 hours a day?  No way!  That's why our classroom is offering flexible seating for each student to choose to fit their diverse learning styles. Imagine walking into a room with calm lighting, yoga balls at tables, wobble cushions on the floor at a low table, rocking chairs on the floor for students to stay moving as the work, high top tables for students to stand; All these choices left open for the students to be comfortable, creative, and ready to listen, learn, and work."
b30dc28171da4efed2b504daf75f2772,Mrs.,OR,2017-01-05 19:38:29,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need I Pads in the classroom to assist them in their success as a 21st Century learner.,0,1,"An I Pad to Support Student SuccessI teach a classroom full of 1st Graders at a Title 1 School. 100% of my students receive free lunch, many students also receive backpack food for the weekend and some are even homeless. As a result of the economic disadvantage that these students face, most do not have access to any kind of technology in the home. The technology in our classroom is limited to 3 desktop computers and a Kindle. \r\n      Despite all of the hardships that my students face they come to school everyday with a smile, a hug and an eagerness to learn. These enthusiastic children want to learn all that they can. To give these children access to technology will give them an advantage that they wouldn't otherwise have. Technology is a vital tool needed for success in the 21st century. I want to give my students every opportunity possible to succeed!\r\nHaving an I Pad for our classroom will be a great investment in my students' futures. The I Pads will help my students learn to work with technology. It is becoming increasingly more important for students to learn how to correctly use technology for a more successful future. \r\n      An I Pad can be used to differentiate instruction, providing either enrichment or intervention for students.  There would be endless opportunities for learning with the addition of an I Pad whether it be learning apps, videos, voice recordings, or slideshows. The possibilities are endless and so exciting. \r\n      The use of an I Pad will be an enriching opportunity for students to learn.   They are all so engaged while using technology as it isn't an opportunity that they get often. I would love for them to be able to have more experience with technology and the addition of an I Pad will increase that possibility."
a902ce7ebdce6f236873d6b443c3ca08,Ms.,NY,2017-03-30 20:05:08,Grades 9-12,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Other, Special Needs",My students need a wider variety of Interactive technology in the classroom!,0,1,"Keeping Students Focused with Fun and Technology!Attending a District 75 high school in Bronx, New York, all six students within my 6:1:1 classroom live and reside in the Bronx and have been diagnosed with autism. With four males and two females, two students are primarily non-verbal. \r\n\r\nTechnology sparks interests and fun in learning for students with Autism; student engagement is vital in a successful classroom. With very minimal technology presently available within my classroom, retaining student focus can be challenging. Students in my classroom want to learn!With a classroom lacking technology, student interests and active learning is crucial for the development of students in my classroom. Non-verbal students will find their voice with providing responses on an interactive boards. Peer to peer interactions can improve drastically as students engage in learning activities and watch videos about special subjects to strengthen and gather their thinking. In addition, in line with occupational therapy IEP goals, students will be able to work on their motor skills along with interacting with others. \r\n\r\nStudents will be able to engage in Math lessons using visual images to count numbers, color code fractions and sort money. Students will be able to view educational videos such as BrainPop or Flocabulary in a larger format. Students will be able to read along to a text of all subjects in a larger format at the front of the classroom."
2b8f012a4bb40fa83f0b315a22649205,Mrs.,MD,2016-08-31 20:11:35,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, History & Civics","Literacy, Social Sciences",My students need My Big WOrld Scholastic readers to inspire their love of reading.,0,1,"My Big World Readers to Help Us ExploreMy Pre K students are so excited to come to school each and every day! We've begun practicing letters and letter sounds, rhyming words and beginning sounds. Many students are capable of writing  and spelling their names independently and especially love going to the library and writing centers in our classroom. We are always trying to find ways to use our \""Helping Hands\"" while interacting with our friends. \r\n\r\nMy students love exploring and learning about their world and I will continue to help them flourishThe My Big World readers will allow students an introduction to informational text and inspire a love of reading. We will be able to read about the animals, people and places around us and gain new perspectives, which is an amazing experience for 4 year olds. The topics in the magazines will lead to more child-initiated learning projects and set a more meaningful purpose for learning.\r\n\r\nMy students will be able to put their early literacy skills to work and succeed at reading! The readers will be taken home and provide students with material that they can read and share with their families as they continue to build those foundational reading skills and behaviors."
d89c560612543869db2ca395d5831759,Mr.,CA,2017-01-10 01:24:00,Grades PreK-2,"Health & Sports, Literacy & Language","Health & Wellness, Literature & Writing","My students need playground equipment to be happy, healthy, and thriving kindergartners. We need paper supplies for flash cards. We also need a dry erase easel for shared writing. And, a water table for science ELD.",2,0,"Happy Healthy KinderlandiaICS students are bilingual, biliterate, culturally competent, and academically successful. They have the linguistic, social emotional, and critical thinking skills to build alliances within and beyond our community and work to create an equitable and just world. \r\nOur mission for the 2016-2017 school-year is to foster a caring school community in order to ensure that our students have the content knowledge and social emotional skills to have complex academic conversations. Their oral language will lead to writing clear and well-organized opinion pieces citing evidence to support their opinions. We focus on academic discourse as it leads to writing with evidence; our students explain their thinking about what they are reading and math problems they attempt to solve. We provide opportunities to use vocabulary through integrating art lessons and projects with the FOSS science units. We see evidence of student learning in science in the classrooms and in the common areas.Our mission for the 2016-2017 school-year is to foster a caring school community to ensure that our students have the content knowledge and social emotional skills to have complex academic conversations. Their oral language will lead to writing clear and well-organized opinion pieces citing evidence to support their opinions. We focus on academic discourse as it leads to writing with evidence; our students explain their thinking about what they are reading and math problems they attempt to solve. We provide opportunities to use vocabulary through integrating art lessons and projects with the FOSS science units. We see evidence of student learning in science in the classrooms and in the common areas."
6aeff850182daa6ff1e041c341d46d42,Mr.,WA,2017-01-26 20:21:44,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need additional tools in our classroom to help them focus on their learning and ignore distractions.,3,1,"Feed Your Focus, Starve Your DistractionsI teach nineteen, unique third graders that have been identified as being highly capable.  This means that they can be quick learners, are highly motivated, and sometimes achieve at levels higher than their same-age peers.  This also means, however, that they can be highly sensitive, have a very strong sense of fairness, or can be highly self-critical or perfectionistic.\r\nIn my class room, I stress the importance of having a growth mindset.  Students learn to be self-managers, independent, as well as interdependent.  They learn in an environment where it is okay to make mistakes, where mistakes are embraced as opportunities for growth, and where learning from each other is just as important as working by ourselves.\r\nMy students love to tackle new theories and experiences, think outside the box, and most importantly, learn in a joyful and supportive environment.Sometimes focusing can be very challenging for my students.  Many of my students have overexcitibilities that can make what seem like simple tasks hard for them, whether it is sitting still and listening, having a calm body or mind, or ignoring distractions from noises (no matter how slight) around them.\r\nThese accommodations will help my students to focus on their learning in class, and ultimately help them to be the best they can be.  The wiggle stools help those students that cannot sit comfortably or still in our school chairs.  The fidgets help those students whose hands are always busy and need a positive outlet for their energy.  The privacy screens will help lower test anxiety for those who have difficulty ignoring what is happening around them.\r\nBy donating to this project, you are helping students to manage and overcome personal challenges that keep them from doing their best each and every day."
300a3c291f8134b6e03d531fa8ead900,Mrs.,SC,2016-08-24 11:40:51,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need wobble chairs to help build balancing skills and release energy to increase their ability to excel in school!,2,1,"Wobbling Our Way to Learning!My students are academically gifted in a low socio-economical environment. The students range in age from 9-11 and are ethnically diverse. We are in a small community and most of their opportunities are provided at school.  \r\n\r\nOur school focus is to build their confidence and give them the opportunities to be exposed to the arts. Students are often inactive the majority of the day. Many of my students are not involved in extra-curricular activities, thus their core strength is not being strengthened. \r\n\r\nAll students deserve opportunities to flourish! My students have many obstacles they face daily!Students spend a majority of their day sitting in a chair which restricts their movement and their ability to release energy!  Students have requested to move during the day.  It renews their focus, attention, and ability to retain information! These chairs will allow students the opportunity to wobble while learning! \r\n\r\nStudents can wobble and learn all day with these chairs!  The opportunity this project will give to my students will increase their time on task which will effect their overall ability to learn and grow as students! Students want to be comfortable and attentive. By providing these chairs for our students it creates a comfortable yet productive environment where everyone can succeed!"
f68fedcb0852d8a6ce88f7b4139b9227,Mr.,TX,2016-08-07 20:33:16,Grades 9-12,Music & The Arts,Music,My students need access to quality replacement reeds to continue creating quality music.,3,1,"Deeds for ReedsAs I've written here before, we work to use band as a tool to teach self-discipline, accountability, teamwork, leadership (and 'followship'), responsibility and other skills kids need to be productive adults. We discovered we can also help teach patience and forgiveness. ...AND we expect to have some fun along the way.\r\n\r\nOur students made outstanding improvement the past two years. \r\nOn the technical side of the band world, both the junior high and high school earned a First Division rating from at least one judge at UIL Region contest. It's the first time either campus has done that in ten years!\r\n\r\nWhile on the social side of band; it is common for our students to move frequently, have no lunch money, rarely see one (or both) parents or deal with other life struggles. In those cases the band room becomes a safe-haven where everyone \""belongs\"" and everyone is a contributing member in some way. The weight of the world can be forgotten while playing a clarinet. And valuable mental skills are developed along the way.A guitar can't sound good with broken or worn out strings. This is also true of clarinets/saxophones and their reeds. One bad reed can ruin the sound of an entire band. Also like guitar strings, reeds eventually wear out. Two years ago we used this website to make quality replacement reeds available to students who couldn't afford to replace them. Afraid kids would take free reeds for granted, we have them do small chores around the band room in exchange for their reed (sort papers or music, sweep, stack chairs, etc). Thus the name \""Deeds for Reeds.\""\r\n\r\nDeeds for Reeds has been working GREAT! So great, in fact, that we've run out of reeds! We've also been able to extend the program to beginner books and other small supplies. Both JH and HS bands here at Linden-Kildare made vast improvement the past two years and we hope to grow on that success. Without good reeds, that won't be possible.\r\n\r\nIt's been encouraging to see that students understand and appreciate working for their reeds. It's become a bit of an institution here in the LK band program and lots of jokes and laughs come from it. Kids even argued about who would be in the picture and what kind of faces and poses would be best. Please help us continue 'Deeds for Reeds!'\r\n\r\n"
6f6e951e435aa9dc966091945414bcc4,Ms.,NC,2017-02-16 08:13:25,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need three iPads with cases to show their learning with parents through student led conferences!,49,1,"iPads to SHOW Learning Through Student-Led Conferences!The students and families from the community that my school serves are the sweetest! These kids come to school each day with smiles on their faces and determination in their hearts. They face adversity everyday, but still come to school ready to learn. The homes and situations from which these students and their families come from may not be in their control, yet it is my job to provide the best learning experiences for these students, I possibly can. \r\nThese kids may not have the most, but they definitely deserve the most. Parent involvement is something that my school strives for on a daily basis. What better way to get parents involved then giving them the chance to see all the learning their students are gaining in school? Student-led conferences are a great way to get these parents involved in their students' learning, and why not add exposure to technology into the equation? It is my job to do my best to help foster parent involvement in any way and this project does just that!Children today are born into a world where technology is such a big part of society. With that being said, having access to technology plays a pivotal role in all students' education. Our school, however, does not have access to such necessary technological tools, which means our students don't either.\r\nMy students are in dire need of three iPad minis with cases to help them to lead their own 'student-led' conferences where they will have the ability to share their online work with their parents.\r\nMy goal for this project is to get these iPads into the classroom where students will have the ability to create and show their understanding of concepts that I teach through apps such as Showbie or Doodle Buddy. If this project gets funded, my students will get to create projects and share their understanding with their parents at quarterly conferences they will lead. My vision is that each student will create a portfolio where they can store their work and come back to. Not only will students be allowed to show work they create, they will also use the iPads to share their reading skills with their parents through a Reading App called 'Raz Kids.' On the iPads, students will be able to read with their parents and show their parents their progress in reading. They will be able to show them each reading level they grow and how they can answer questions to stories they have read through the app.\r\nThe possibilities of parent involvement with the iPads and student-led conferences are truly endless. The goal of this project is to get students to take charge of their learning, even in Kindergarten, and to get their parents invested in their student's learning.\r\n"
e35a28822e3417778ce9721261175e6f,Mrs.,IL,2016-12-05 20:14:48,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs","My students need launch and learn alphabet game, alphabet mystery box, and sight word puzzles to help learning be more fun.",57,1,"Learning Can Be FunSome students have autism and others have Down Syndrome. They are between the ages of 5 and 8 years old. Unfortunately they are also low income. They are very loving, but at times they do not know how to socialize with others. My school is in the inner city, with a well run administration, but unfortunately very little funds. Everyone is very caring from the students to the administrators. The students are eager to learn, but it is very hard for my students to learn like some traditional students learn.My students are hands on learners and most of them have trouble with their fine motor skills.  The puzzles will help them exercise the muscles in their hands as their complete the puzzles while learning at the same time.  The count and link will help my students to identify numbers and connect the quantity to the number.  This game will also help with their fine motor skills.  The alphabet mystery box and the launch and learn activities are also good for fine motor skills and will help the students identify letters of the alphabet.  The sight word puzzles will make it easier for students to learn sight words.  They will be able to connect the letters to form words.  This will also help with their fine motor skills."
0c1e77b114858b41fd52aba3610ecb55,Ms.,IL,2017-01-10 10:30:49,Grades 9-12,"Health & Sports, Special Needs","Health & Wellness, Special Needs",My students need chairs to sit on while at their desks. Our hand me down chairs are falling apart!,6,1,"Diverse Learners Need Chairs That Aren't Taped Up and Scratchy!!\""Teach in the way a child learns, don't force a child to learn in the way we teach\"" -specialedresource.com\r\n\r\nI teach Occupational/Life Skills curriculum at a large, urban high school.\r\nMy students have a range of disabilities including learning and intellectual disabilities, visual and hearing impairments, autism, as well as health and other physical impairments. Many of them are also English Language Learners and almost all of them come from low-income households. My students show greater enthusiasm and achievement when learning is interactive, interesting and includes technology and high-interest reading materials.The Diverse Learners in my classroom currently are using old, hand me down chairs from other departments within my school building. I literally saved them a few years ago from being dumped into the garbage because they were better than the ones that we were using. However, they have reached the end of their long, useful lives and desperately need to be replaced and there is no budget for furniture this year. Our old chairs are scratchy from material poking out of the seats and the metal bars on the bottom have tape on them from missing pieces. This makes for an uncomfortable learning environment. My students have a difficult time concentrating when they have to actively think about how to sit without the least amount of discomfort on their chairs."
9784fcc981bda0139eeaf17beb03d8bb,Mrs.,NC,2016-12-28 16:58:03,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need a set of five kindle fire tablets and five protective cases.,1,1,"Kindergarteners LOVE technology!I have taught at a wonderful school in North Carolina for 20 years. My school is filled with eager students that love to learn, but with the current budget new materials are scarce and hard to come by. Currently, my classroom is filled with 18 excited 5 year olds who love to learn, but I cannot always provide the hands-on materials they need.\r\nAll of my students love learning and having new experiences.  I love seeing their faces light up when we do new things or do an activity they haven't done before.I teach at a wonderful school that puts student learning first, but with limited funds for technology, students do not have access to individual technology in the classroom.  As of right now, we have limited technology available for student use in the classroom.  With the world we live in today technology is everywhere and it is a great tool to use to help students learn.  I am requesting five kindle fire tablets with protective cases for students to use daily in my classroom.  Students will be able to access different math and literacy learning games and activities to help them learn in a new way.\r\nWith your donation, students will have technology at their fingers tips and be able to learn in a new and exciting way.\r\nIt is important to give students access to different types of learning and technology is a great way to do that.  \r\n"
87d06a109a06e632ddc1a94467cae00f,Ms.,IL,2017-03-01 20:52:05,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need an opportunity to be great with the use of an amazing STEAM center, which would allow them to be explore and be creative.",1,0,"Let's Let Out Some S.T.E.A.M.Can you remember the day you started kindergarten? Can you remember coloring, cutting, and gluing all day? WELP!!! Welcome to the era of common core because that is no longer what kindergarten is all about. Kindergarten, is where we learn to do way more than just that.\r\n\r\nOutside my classroom the children face challenges and hardship that no five year should have to endure.  My kindergarten students are in a high-poverty public school in a major Midwestern city. My school serves in an area where 97% of the families are low income.  But inside of my classroom is where students learn, feel successful and feel safe. I worked hard to create a learning environment where children feel safe and are eager to learn. At this age children are like sponges and I want to make sure that I give them all the knowledge that will one day create a scholar that is college bound and beats societies expectations for them.STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, and Math) are such integral parts of student's lives and their education. Kindergartens are naturally curious and desire to create, build, explore, and use their imagination. Regardless of their levels and abilities all students are able to find success through hands on activities. The desired materials for this center will make a huge difference in my students learning by giving them an opportunity to use their imagination to plan, and build structures they may or may not see due to their location. \r\nSTEAM centers allow students to be actively engaged in their own learning. Students learn several skills: how to plan, how to problem solve, how to work with others, and how to be innovative. Knowing that our society is technology driven we must start the children off early and lay the foundation for their future. It is my goal to spark in them a desire to love science, technology, engineering, art and math."
a4e76cd2a86c2ad66459c35a2bd93f1e,Ms.,NC,2016-09-24 15:13:10,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy","My students need Big Books and hardcover books, the Learning Letters Activity Carpet, and the Kids Kore Wobble chairs for the guided reading center in order to have an enhanced language rich environment.",0,1,"Excite Me Reach Me Teach Me!My students come to school with their faces full of delight and joy eager to learn each day. They are like sponges soaking up everything I teach them. My desire is to instill in them a love of learning and a belief that they can succeed and even go to college. My hope is that they will leave my class with a positive self-image and a sense of pride in themselves and all that they have accomplished.\r\n\r\nOur school is a Title One school in North Carolina where 83% of the students are economically disadvantaged.  Sixty percent  of the students  are English Language Learners. All students receive free breakfast each day. We also send home nutritional supplements each Friday for students to have during the weekend. Despite their economic status, our students work hard and have a determination to succeed.First impressions leave lasting impressions! I want to impress upon my student's education by offering them a  language rich environment that is colorful and inviting!  The collection of books, the Alphabet Rug, and the exciting new chairs at the reading table  will all enhance my students' learning experiences and increase language learning in my classroom.\r\n\r\nOffering an exciting language rich environment to low income students will increase their chances of success!\r\n\r\nThese new materials in the classroom will make it much more exciting and inviting and will motivate the children to want to learn and explore the world around them."
75675b5ba428bc65df5f7233dcf9ef80,Ms.,MA,2016-08-03 11:55:44,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Applied Sciences, Special Needs",My students need an accessible learning environment that supports diverse learners.,0,1,"Inclusive, Urban Middle School Science Classroom Needs SuppliesLatinos are the largest and fastest growing minority group in the Unite States. Latinos are also the largest minority group living in poverty. Latinos are also lagging behind all other minority groups in the U.S. in obtaining a four-year degree. More than 95% of my middle school students are Puerto Ricans, most living in poverty.\r\nIt is time to close the achievement gap and help my students, our future leaders of tomorrow, have the high quality, rigorous education they deserve!  My inclusive science class serves all 150 middle school students daily, many living with with a range of disabilities, including intellectual disabilities, emotional disturbance, autism spectrum disorder and specific learning disability. There is virtually no science budget or curriculum. The science room is an old elementary school room and is not properly equipped. It has take a lot of creativity to make it all work for my enthusiastic science learners!\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nAs a second year teacher, working towards a SPED add-on license, I understand that my students have a variety of learning styles and needs. The requested items all have a planned purpose to make the science classroom organized, inviting and accessible to  all students, including those with learning disabilities, autism, and social/emotional needs.\r\n\r\nThe learning environment of a classroom has a direct correlation to the mindset of the students and affects their interest in learning a particular subject.\r\n\r\nThe curtains will help keep out the bright light and radiant heat that comes through the plexiglass windows, that are currently covered with blue paper. (We do not have an air conditioner and when we have the windows open bees fly in from the nests outside the window!!) The folders and organizational materials requested will help students to be more independent learners over the course of the year as the use of the materials will be incorporated in our rituals and routines of our classroom. The stools will be used in conjunction with standing work tables that I was able to acquire used from the supply warehouse, which will allow for more active learning. The accessibility devices, such as the stability seats and the bouncy bands will assist students with  issues focusing and/or specific learning disabilities. Thank you in advance for your consideration and contribution to the success of my scientist-in-training!"
f3cb9bffbba169bef1a77b243e620b60,Mrs.,KY,2016-10-06 21:16:17,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need to engage in Reading and Math in a way that will inspire them with these Mini iPads!,4,1,Techie KindergartenersI work at a unique school filled with both ESL (English as a Second Language) and High Poverty students. Our students have individual personal struggles that would break your heart but once you step through the doors you wouldn't notice anything but their positive and resilient attitude for learning. \r\nMy students love and support each other through every aspect of their learning journey. We have students from ALL over the world speaking 77 different languages and we are like Family. Every student is welcomed with open arms regardless of where they come from or what language they speak. Education and love have a universal language and in my classroom we have plenty of both!My students live in high poverty conditions with limited to no access to technology. Ipads provide the opportunity to learn through playing Reading and Math games that engage and inspire. These iPads will surely be the hottest commodity in my classroom as students will beg to get on to play these educational games. \r\nI will be tracking data on each iPad with several educational programs that will help me differentiate learning for each student. Students will also be able to track their progress through these programs. I look forward to seeing the students grow through their use with these iPads!
6386aca8d27d9c98c02384920a211e15,Mrs.,IN,2016-12-26 22:24:42,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need dice, sand timers, a math book, pattern blocks, and measuring worms to make math workshop a hands-on learning experience!",44,1,"Math Tools to Make Math Rule!Our school corporation is a rural district, trying to equip our students with the skills and experiences to be successful in our ever-changing world. I have the privilege to teach first grade in our small rural district. \r\n\r\nMy first grade students are excited about the world around them. As their teacher, it is my goal to create opportunities to make them curious about the world around them. My goal is to empower them to ask questions and find answers. My students are world changers.I am requesting math materials to help increase student engagement during math workshop time. Students learn by doing and I want my students to learn that math is meaningful and fun. \r\nThese materials will help my students play authentic learning games while I meet with small groups of 3 or 4 students.\r\nThe dice are a fun way to work on addition and subtraction games. The timers are perfect for gaining an understanding of time concepts. The pattern block cards are a fantastic visual\\spatial activities. The math book will help me plan for engaging, fun games. The measuring worms will help students gain an understanding of length. Thank you for helping our students engage in math learning!"
62f7c40fbd176a2d9c3d93bb4b9c64ad,Mrs.,NC,2016-05-23 15:12:58,Grades PreK-2,"Math & Science, Literacy & Language","Environmental Science, Literacy",My students need a comfortable place to sit while we are reading books and listening to videos about science.,4,1,"Comfortable Seat For Learning!A typical day in our classroom consists of lots and lots of reading, both read aloud and students reading to themselves. I love to read a variety of different books with my class to help them grow a love for reading and learning. Unfortunately because my students are so academically low for science and social studies we are not slotted sufficient time for experiments. Therefore most of my science instruction is through read aloud so the students will be learning most science related materials while sitting on the rug. \r\n\r\n We are in a low economic school but my students are eager to learn and want to be successful in school!   My students are mostly from low social economic status and almost all qualify for free lunch and breakfast.Unfortunately at our low economic school most of our students are significantly below grade level in reading and math. Therefore our science instruction has to be taught through read aloud experiences. In order for students to sit comfortably on the tile floor it would be nice for them to have a rug to sit on.  We watch short science videos and read science books while sitting on the floor. \r\n\r\nThe student will have a much easier time listening and learning while sitting on a comfortable rug. My students are eager to learn and especially love learning about animals and plants."
428cb70a246dc4a2adb1e12bef5452b2,Ms.,AZ,2017-02-28 18:52:36,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need headphones, expo markers, paper, and a Chrome Book to help them in their journey of learning.",8,1,"Tools for TechnologyMy students are fourth graders in a low-income school district in Phoenix, Arizona. Our school is a Title One school, which provides free breakfast and lunch.  \r\n\r\nAs my students continue to grow in academics, I strive to provide them with the tools necessary to help them build their skills in math and reading through practice and exposure to helpful websites.  Having access to computers and materials to support their learning, my students will be able to use educational websites to reinforce and practice their skills.  \r\n\r\nIn addition, the students will be able to learn how to use a computer and keyboard.  As our world advances in technology, it is important for my students to learn how to use a computer properly and understand the many advantages of using a computer.  We plan to not only use the computer for aiding in our growth in math and reading, but also in learning how to type.  Students have created unique stories which I hope to have them type up and create a published student book for them to take home.As the school year continues, my class continues to grow.  We are now at 33 students.  Therefore, my class could greatly benefit from the materials wished for.  We need headphones, because our other headphones have broke and we have ran out of headphones.  Students otherwise have to have their computers on very quietly or turn the sound off completely.  \r\n\r\nIn addition, we are in need of one Chrome Book.  We currently have five, though our small groups have grown, which means students are sharing one computer.  Sharing is great for certain activities, but certain activities require individual work.\r\n\r\nWe are also in need of expo markers.  Yes, Expo markers for technology.  Students use their white boards while on the computer programs we use.  They are either solving math problems or doing an activity in reading.  Currently, we have five Expo markers left.  \r\n\r\nLastly, we need paper to make copies and print work we have created in the classroom.  Between my students, their parents, and myself, we all have spent money of our own to help supply our classroom with materials.  We understand there are many classrooms in need and thank you for helping us and others!\r\n"
e255b61e3cebc0762903b3a8a66a7752,Mr.,CA,2016-10-12 03:28:39,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need access to improved technology and equipment to be successful in science.,2,0,"Upgrade Mr. Tom's Science ClassMy students come from a wide variety of backgrounds but share a passion for learning.  True to the definition of the word collaboration, my students work together to achieve a common goal making real-world connections.  \r\n\r\nStepping into the new, Next Generation Science Standards, our students need to be prepared for college and careers.  Collaboratively learning through inquiry-based, hands-on activities provides that platform.  Middle school students are curious and want to learn by solving problems as they develop methodologies to do just that.Although we are in South City, after lunch the classroom gets extremely hot, making learning difficult. Fresh circulation of air will help. \r\n\r\nTechnology provides us the platform to learn in a modern society.\r\nAt the same time, technology can be a limiting factor when it it not working effectively. The SMART board in the classroom is not functioning properly so it would be nice to work around that issue with additional technology. With increased technology and equipment, my students will be able to work at their own pace during lectures and activities. A great deal of time is spent waiting for all of the students to be on the same page."
c276f6482bc73f9d635a00dcfdce7b8b,Mrs.,MI,2017-01-25 12:05:02,Grades 9-12,Special Needs,Special Needs,"My students need Chromebooks to be able to use for their daily work skills from research, to audio, to typing.",8,1,Chromebooks for the ClassroomOur students come to school each day ready learn. They are amazing young people who are like a giant family. They watch out for each other and work as a team. They want to learn and grow each day. \r\n\r\nOur school currently has two small computer labs with outdated technology. Besides daily classroom work and projects we also have students who need computers for college and online classes. This creates an issue for available computers and we are trying to acquire chrome books for student use in classes.Chromebooks for my resource room will help in a number of ways. Beyond having chromebooks for research use my students have a number of disabilities in which a having access to a personal computer would be helpful. My students sometimes need to be able to listen to audio versions of books or type their assignments instead of handwriting them. These are also nice to have because they are small and easy to take to other classrooms when needed. \r\n\r\nMy students have excelled in their classrooms as I have access for two Chromebooks now for them to share. They love being able to use this to help with their everyday tasks of schools.
cfc6d16c1a6554275762348f9c48dff7,Mrs.,MO,2017-02-24 11:26:58,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need more comfortable, flexible seating options for reading and writing!",1,1,"Flexible Seating for Struggling ReadersI have 12 amazing students this year who are all VERY deserving.  I am honored to be their teacher (which I can't say every year :/)!  Because of their positive attitudes, respect, and willingness to try I felt inclined to try to obtain some more needed items for our classroom!   My students come from low income families and homes.  They are all fifth graders but they are at least 2 instructional grade levels behind.  They struggle the most with reading and math.  Being in my classroom gives them more one on one time in all subject areas.  \r\n\r\nI absolutely love my students this year.  I love seeing them every morning.  They are respectful and grateful which is why I am ambitious to get new items for our classroom.My students will benefit from flexible seating during reading.  My students need to learn a love of reading, and what better way to do it while being comfortable on bean bags?? \r\n\r\nMy students struggle academically, they are at least 2 grade levels behind, have low IQ's, many have IEP's, and need to learn to LOVE school and especially reading.  They are accustomed to sitting at a desk all day, feeling bored.  So far, I've had great success allowing them to move around, get comfortable, and THEN get to work.  The hard work wont come unless they are happy, comfortable, and ready to learn."
5442c6d51a5f6702ae0be179bf2ae9f8,Mrs.,CT,2016-07-28 10:49:36,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need ink for our classroom printe.  We have so many activities and books we like to create and print. We would love to be able to print right from our classrooms using our printer.,5,1,"Our Projects Need INK INK INKMy incoming students will be bilingual or only speak Spanish.  I teach at a neighborhood school so most of our students live in the area.  We receive new students all year and many new arrivals to the country.  Rather than the students placed at random, all students who speak 2 languages or only Spanish will be placed in my classroom for extra support in learning English.  This will be my first time teaching in this type of model, but I am excited to learn and hopefully make a difference and support my students in their language growth.Donations towards this project will be beneficial and highly appreciated.  Our class loves to create projects and books for our class.  Having ink for our printer will allow us to do that.  We have limitations in our school for using color printers.  I have bought my own printer so I can print things out in color for my students.  We have several activities with pictures for our literacy centers and it is much more helpful for the students to see the pictures in color rather than in black and white.  We need ink so we can print out our books, projects and pictures for our literacy centers."
7f8f67eb54bf53ecb44f88a8bc13522e,Mrs.,CT,2017-02-28 08:50:12,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need wobble chairs for alternate seating options to increase focus and engagement.,19,1,"Wobble WorkersDo you remember sitting in class tapping your pencil or your foot, trying to focus but feeling so fidgety? Imagine if there was a way to fidget while listening to the teacher, doing independent work, tests, even working in small groups!\r\n\r\nChildren were not meant to sit still.  Every 4th grader that I have met has displayed a need for fidget tools. When provided with options I can look around my room and see some students kneeling at their tables, other sitting on exorcize balls and still others choosing to stand and work.  Wobble stools are another incredible tool for these children.  A variety of wiggle chairs will clearly make a difference in their school day. I want every child in my classroom to have an option of a wiggle chair available to them.Wobble chairs will be useful for many years and students to come. They are incredible full body fidget tools that will help students focus and not cause a distraction to the rest of the class! These chairs will help students be able to fidget while listening to the teacher, doing independent work or tests, even working in small groups! These wobble chairs would replace normal hard chairs and exorcise ball chairs that most students are used to sitting on. The ball chairs we have are quite old and are are not going to last much longer, as we have lost quite a few already!  This will put students who are used to fidget chairs back onto the traditional hard chairs.  The new wobble chairs will allow students to wiggle  quietly, getting the movement they truly need throughout the day while working. These hard wobble chairs are also more durable and will last longer than the exorcise ball chairs.  \r\n          Students will have the ability to constantly fidget quietly while listening, talking, and working!  Students will not have to worry about sitting still while doing their work or participating in class discussions.  Something as simple as a special chair can make a huge difference in a student's education.  Young children are full of energy and it is impractical to expect them to sit still for long periods of time. These chairs would allow a way for students to move all day while working and learning! These chairs have the ability to help students focus and truly enjoy all their time in school."
d626d8b2ff909ce856e47395c7cb3837,Mrs.,NC,2017-03-02 14:10:35,Grades PreK-2,"Math & Science, Literacy & Language","Environmental Science, Literacy",My students need a new and interesting way to discover non fiction text.,0,1,"Non Fiction NewsMy students are eager seven and eight year olds!  They come to school with a willingness to learn and discover the world around them.  They are always excited to find out new things and go on new adventures in learning without ever leaving the classroom!  \r\n\r\nThe children I teach are all such individuals.    They all come from very diverse backgrounds and different socio-economic situations.  With that beings said, they all want to excel at school and love to learn!  They love to take things that they learn in school home to share them with their families.There is so much going on in the world today, and some of it is hard for children to understand.  Scholastic News gives children a resource that is written on an appropriate level and talks about appropriate themes for children in second grade.  \r\n\r\nScholastic News shows children an entire world from their very own classroom.  From exploring different animals, to topics throughout history, this publication talks about many topics related to what is going on in the world around them.  The ability to pick up a magazine and share it with friends and family also allows people around us to understand things we are learning and ways to talk about these things at home."
7c2fd243feb5389974ed988c99b5f355,Mrs.,AR,2016-12-12 18:18:57,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,"My students need basic art supplies like paint, paint brushes, markers, colored pencils, and pastels.",0,1,"Stock the Art Room!Creativity is the key to every aspect of learning. Being a Title 1 charter school, we do not get as much reliable funding as other schools in our area, especially when it comes to art.\r\nWith over 400 students making art every week, we go through basic art supplies very quickly and we need to restock the art room! Since I see so many students every day, I have been keeping the art projects pretty basic. However, I feel that the students at this school deserve an amazing art experience and should not be held back from a chance to work with more than construction paper and crayons!\r\nA large majority of students at my school are from predominately low socioeconomic backgrounds. They may never get to play around with clay or experiment with oil pastels at home. In my classroom, I want my students to feel like THEY have the materials they need to express themselves. I want them to be able to have choices and options, and that is why I am asking for support to help supply the art room with basic art supplies.These basic art supplies are an absolute necessity for my classroom. Everyday I have students ask to use something as simple as markers or watercolor paints, and everyday I have to tell them that they can not simply because we don't have them. \r\nArt is that special class that students get to go to where they feel like they can express themselves freely without worrying about right or wrong answers. I want nothing more than to be able to give that experience to each and every student. Without these basic art supplies, however, these students will not get that experience.\r\nI have seen first hand how the process of creating art can help heal a child, promote better communication, heighten curiosity, teach important ideas, and simply brighten a student's day. With your donations, these students will have an art experience that is so crucial to their overall development.\r\n"
a6f804e310b641879c24ee7a9d5f28d5,Ms.,TX,2017-04-03 18:48:07,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need materials to do build rockets and conduct experiments.,0,0,"Plotting flight patterns with Rockets!!!My tenth grade is comprised of 30 amazing students, many of whom come from bilingual households and receive free or reduced price lunch. \r\n\r\nWe expose them to STEM fields in hopes that they will pursue a career in STEM since most of our students will be first generation college graduates. As a campus, we try to promote STEM by using hands on activities that will let them see the different aspects of the STEM fields. They work really hard because they are focused and ready to learn.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nOur Students will build rockets and change certain variable to see how the flight patterns change. \r\n\r\n They will look at the different altitudes the rockets will reach, they will change the weight of the rocket and see how that affects the flight, and they will see how angles affect the direction and the height of the rockets. \r\n\r\nWe will then plot our results and have class discussions on what affected the flight patterns of the rockets. They will get to records each launch so that they can see what needs to get fixed on the launch. They will take design into consideration as well."
b7d11821f26c65bc7e4350fbd57f7602,Mr.,CA,2017-01-10 13:18:36,Grades 9-12,"Special Needs, Music & The Arts","Special Needs, Visual Arts","My students need an opportunity to express themselves creatively, develop their social skills, and have fun in  their community while exploring their artistic interests.",13,1,"Learning in the Community through ArtThe Community Inclusion Program provides educational opportunities and support to students with Moderate-Severe disabilities as they work to develop their skills of independence in the greater Oakland community. Our students work hard every day to develop their academic, vocational, transportation, and social skills to better access their communities independently. Our students encounter daily struggles with discrimination based on their disabilities, race, and economic staus. Our students are committed to bettering themselves regardless of perceptions of their ability, or rather inability, in the local and greater community.\r\n\r\nStudents that participate in the Young Adult Program are motivated by a desire to become active, vital, and meaningful members of their community. Their dedication to self improvement, advocacy, and determination is the driving force behind all of our activities, community-based events, and workshops. Our students deserve a chance to show everyone who they are and what they can do!These art materials will provide an opportunity for our students to explore and develop their artistic and creative skills. For our students with moderate to severe disabilities, the opportunity to learn, communicate, and explore in a supported and skills-based manner truly helps their overall development. By focusing on our students' art skills and creativity we will be better able to provide instruction around appropriate interactions in the community, participation and support of other students, and a reminder that learning is and can be fun!\r\n\r\nStudents with moderate to severe disabilities are far too often overlooked especially when it comes to developing their skills as members of the community. Our students want to express themselves. Our students want to be successful. Our students want to be included. Please help our students be the best they can be!"
29cbf9bcad5e379cbc92f44434189657,Ms.,IL,2017-01-29 21:11:48,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need to reflect on injustices in the world and learn how to effect change where and when they can. They need to look locally, nationally, and globally and connect the narratives all around us.",2,0,"Opening Our Eyes: Local, National, and Global InjusticesOur school is working to create one of the few K-12 magnet programs in our large urban city. It works to bring together people from all over the city under one roof--to create our own community of learners. It is a special school--sill growing (and still struggling due to significant cuts in funding this year).\r\n\r\nAnd now, every time we turn on the news, my students are beginning to feel more and more afraid of what may happen to them in the future. It is because of this--because of who we serve and who we are together--that these students need to read stories about injustices from around the world and learn what to do--how to take action--in these times.My students understand, know, and live injustices in the world. But they also are young adolescents who sometimes fail to see the world past their own inner circle. What they may not realize is that we are all connected in this world through a narrative. They will research issues referenced in the books and link the reality with the narrative. \r\n\r\nWhether on a local, national, or global scale, injustice lives and breathes. These students will see the many faces of injustice, its roots, and what actions people have taken in response to it.  \r\n\r\nOur lack of funding this year has left us without any books for second semester."
da67f09a612a32fa30c9c80bed7e6365,Mrs.,NY,2016-09-24 11:36:26,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need wireless headphones to use in our Listening Center!,9,1,"Listening & Learning in First GradeWho doesn't enjoy listening to a great story? I know my students really  love hearing new stories and meeting new characters.  They love books, and are truly excited about learning to read.\r\nI am privileged to work with a fabulous group of first grade students who display an eagerness to learn and grow each and every day.\r\nMy children love reading and listening to stories.  They become more and more excited with each turn of the page. They can easily become engrossed in a good story, forgetting everything else around them.  These happy and energetic children welcome the opportunity to try new things. Their enthusiasm brings a smile to my face daily.The Listening Center in the classroom is always a favorite activity of my first grade students.  Currently, the children are listening to stories without using headphones. As you might imagine, this can be quite a distraction to other children working in the classroom.\r\nWireless headphones would offer my students the ability to use our Listening Center without disturbing their classmates.  \r\nThe headphones would allow the children to enjoy this much loved activity while also preventing other students working in the classroom from being disturbed.  The wireless option would prevent that tangled headphone mess that every primary-grade teacher has experienced!\r\nYour support of this project would be most appreciated!"
a3ba6667f3b15e1f0f976711f29052f1,Ms.,MO,2016-11-13 23:02:08,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a place to store their classroom library books.,8,1,"A Home for BooksEvery day my students walk into the classroom full of life, enthusiastic, energized and excited about the challenges of learning.  Our school serves students in grades K-5 and provide a rigorous and higher academic curriculum. We are a diversed and gifted group of students. Our students test several grades above their actual grade level age. We are also home to the STEM program.  \r\nDespite the low economic area in which we live, the lack of resources available are very limited.  Yet we are one of the top performing schools in the district.Books in our classroom plays a big part in our ability to achieve our reading goals.  My students score high in performance on their reading test.  You wouldn't know that if you walked into our classroom where our books are scattered every where without a home. \r\nMy second graders need a home to store our classroom library books.   Our books need to be sorted and labeled into book bins and bookshelves with different genres, authors and readily accessible.  To be able to organize our class library books will help my students quickly choose books that they're most interested in reading.  It will also produce more efficient readers."
3e6202eb6cfdac00e49851d888059cb8,Ms.,WV,2017-02-18 23:11:48,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need OSMO systems and accessories to help them learn in fun ways that turn it into play.,53,1,"Would You Like To Play a Game?I teach at a Title I school, where a large percentage of the student body lives at or below the poverty line. Many of them deal with circumstances that most adults would not be able to deal with, yet they do, all the while they are trying to learn. They are learning the skills they need to be successful in life.\r\n\r\nMy students are hard working, energetic children, who give it their all. They have habits that include perseverance, craftsmanship, trustworthiness, collaboration, compassion, and cooperation. These kids embody these character traits and I see it in them every day.Would you like to play a game? If given the choice between spending hours doing tedious, boring work on a project or playing a game, most of us would happily choose play! Think back to your childhood, that was never more true than when your were a kid.\r\n\""Play is the manner in which anything new comes about.\"" Jean Piaget\r\nWhen learning is fun, when it is play it works. When it becomes work it doesn't. The untrained eye might look at a k-2 classroom and see nothing more than play, but to those who understand they will see learning taking place. There is so much to learn in first grade. At just six years old we are tasked with learning to code words and read. We are tasked with recognizing numbers, understanding, and decomposing them. It can be overwhelming but if done through play the task becomes fun and games. Without even realizing what is happening the brain takes it in and makes sense of it all.\r\nToo often in today's world our little ones are fully engaged with technology. While technology is an undeniable part of our society, and a great way to aid learning, it can be too much at such a young age. Socialization and contact with the real world is important at this age and the OSMO system bridges the gap between these two things to create the ultimate fun learning experience! I've seen this in classrooms and it works! It helps even those who seem to be struggling with learning to decode words suddenly taking charge of their learning because they are able to see it as a fun game and not as a boring, stressful intervention used to help them \""catch up\"" because they are already behind."
086bca3492ef7d985de7f04c8ffbb648,Mr.,CA,2016-05-16 19:24:22,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, History & Civics","Literature & Writing, Social Sciences",My students need a wide assortment of high-interest fiction and nonfiction texts to promote reading excellence.,0,1,"Reader's Workshop Exploration Club!!!We are at a school that has been trained by the wonderful Cotsen Foundation for the Art of Teaching. The class I have this year and the class I will have next year are very eager to learn and advance in the learning process. \r\n\r\nWe are ready for a great year!The students I have now are English language learners. Their families come from Mexico and Colombia. They are wonderful children and are eager to explore the world around them.\r\n\r\nThe teachers at my school have had the privilege of being trained by the Cotsen Foundation, a highly respected group that teaches great teachers to be super! I am on the team of 7 that have attended numerous trainings. I have developed a passion for teaching and I want  to build the largest and most exciting classroom library ever!We will be using the books to integrate our reading workshop with our writing workshop. They will build interest in the fiction and nonfiction books by meeting in reading groups. Next, they will use thinking maps to brainstorm ideas to prepare for writing.\r\n\r\nThey will learn how characters can be complex and can change over time. They will also be fascinated and challenged by the incredible information they will learn.Your generous donation for this class will give them access to learning opportunities that will prepare them for a bright future.\r\nWe encourage students to find things they are passionate about and explore.\r\n\r\nThe library that I am building will be vast and wide-ranging; students from all over our school will want to come and look through the wide variety of books.\r\n\r\nThe students will develop a deep love for learning and a desire to continue their education and explore the world around them!"
e31c99a7540d578fd578d3c705918014,Mrs.,NY,2017-02-24 21:14:48,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literature & Writing, Special Needs","My students need a die cut machine, number dies, shape dies and letter dies with storage rack.",35,1,"Cut It OutMy students are goofy, silly, funny, emotional, frustrated, energetic, impulsive, and craving someone to care about them. My classroom consists of 10 students with special needs and 15 students of mixed English Language Learners and General Education students. \r\n\r\nThis makes it difficult to meet the various needs of the students in my classroom. I do my very best to make each child feel special and that they CAN do it. My school has a very large population of low socioeconomic students, as well as children in shelters. It would be great to give these students a chance and an opportunity to meet their optimal potential.My students would greatly benefit from a die cut machine.  I would like to allow my students the opportunity to gain control of their learning. My students need letter and number practice. Using this die-cut machine will be an innovative way for them to create letters and match them to pictures. They will learn to be more independent and help them develop the foundational learning skills needed as the basis to their educational career. This will allow them to take ownership of their learning by becoming more independent and in turn creating a student driven classroom. I want this to lead my students on the road to discovering self confidence. This will also greatly help develop their Fine Motor Skills. \r\nDonations to my project will be empowering students through art as well as helping foster a student-driven classroom. It will give students confidence by allowing them to feel ownership over their learning and their environment. My students come from broken homes and are often in and out of shelters. Having a real space with the tools needed to guide them in their learning practice and being able to call that space their own to depend on, would give them the drive to want to go on in life and succeed."
e7d7d12bd22f51c829a27f08293f27bf,Mrs.,MO,2016-08-07 23:05:30,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need materials to create an engaging environment to be motivated for learning about health and nutrition.,7,1,"Learning About What Makes Me HealthyI teach at a Title I program serving over 100 preschool students.  Many of our students also come from single parent homes, or have a parent incarcerated, or a parent may not have graduated high school.  \r\n\r\nAll students qualify for free lunch and are considered academically at risk.  Students are culturally diverse within our area.\r\n\r\nOur school serves as the outreach special services Kindergarten program.  Students who are age eligible but need another year prior to entering mainstream education receive services in this classroom.I work with young students every day.  My classroom is full of busy preschoolers with lots of questions.  My students enjoy pretending to be Doctors and taking care of sick \""patients\"".  My students have been requesting more doctor toys to add to our house area during work time.\r\n\r\nIncreasing the doctor and nurse dress up clothes would give more students the opportunity to role play the very special people who keep them healthy.  Adding X-Ray pictures, and new. Doctor kit would allow for more extended role playing. The real life stethoscopes would be used during small group time.  Students have been using pretend ones during play time and making up what sound a heart makes.  Students would take turns using the real stethoscopes to listen to their own heart and classmates' hearts.  \r\nThe play food will be used during play time to talk about what are good food options.  The flannel board set we will use at group time to discuss making healthy food choices as well since many of the families I serves often eat fast food for breakfast or dinner.\r\nImplementing these items in my classroom will be a healthy life change for my young students!\r\n"
5cd4210392b5c528512e69337e161a92,Mrs.,VA,2017-02-01 08:52:06,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need books written by Dawn Cusick, who will be visiting our school for the Virginia Festival of the Book in March!",10,1,"Dawn Cusick Hooks Readers with Animal Snot, Spit, Slime!Our school is in an urban area in Albemarle County, Virginia. We take pride in being the most diverse elementary school in our district and represent about 30 different languages that are spoken by our students. Our students and teachers love books and make reading a special part of each day. Along with motivating our students to read books they enjoy, our teachers are always working  to increase our students' academic achievement and social-emotional skills. We are proud of our school community!Author Dawn Cusick is a writer who captures students' interest by sharing icky facts about animals. These books highlight snot, spit, and slime, as well as other things that make us say EWWWW! Children can't resist learning about animals, especially when interesting new facts are included. For part of the Virginia Festival of the Book, various authors are available to come to schools to talk about writing and their books. We are so excited that Dawn will be visiting our fourth grade in March and we want our students to have the opportunity to be interested and familiar with her books."
37019d8c8640992e74ac0fd5df48d44b,Ms.,NM,2016-05-06 11:46:38,Grades 9-12,History & Civics,"History & Geography, Social Sciences",My students need world history books at a variety of lexile levels to encourage reading and exploration of our world.,0,1,"World History Biographies varied by lexileMy classroom is filled three times a day by energetic 10th grade people who want to know more about their world! They read at a range of levels from 3rd to 11th grade, and need inspiring stories to read as we move through the ages of history. An on hand library of biographies will be a huge help!90% of my students are multi-lingual, usually ELL, and at a variety of lexile levels. This makes reading from the textbook a challenge and our school library is not well stocked with interesting historical accounts. My students try so hard to succeed, and show up ready to work most days, so having a new selection of history related topics will be a great attraction.With the books I've selected, my students will engage in a weekly reading assignment where they can choose a book at their lexile level, read, take notes, and finally create a short book report or power-point review to share with the class. Since there are a wide variety of people and topics, everyone will have access to a number of choices at their level and of their interest!With these new books, students will be able to succeed in reading, which is not always an option for ELL students and the standard high school library offerings. Being able to have materials at their level will help them learn independently about relevant subjects in World History. I hope this will empower them to keep reading in and out of school!"
c96cd1860dc941f781a206059e38ceac,Mrs.,GA,2016-10-28 23:32:42,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Literacy & Language","Applied Sciences, ESL","My students need several K'NEX Education - Forces and Newton's Laws Sets and many HP 11.6\"" Chromebook 11 G4.",0,0,"Enhancing the Delivery of Physical Science InstructionEach day I see about 140 students crossing the threshold to enter my Physical Science class.  Some of these Eighth Graders come from households where the parent/caregiver speaks little or no English.  Most of the students receive free Breakfast and  free Lunch. Access to the Internet is nil to none at home.   \r\nHaving a classroom full of economically and culturally diverse students challenges me to make my classroom conducive for learning Physical Science.   Lesson plans must engage the students with many hands on concepts.  Instruction at the Computer is done in English.  But through all this, my students believe that a good education and good English skills will reward them with a GOOD JOB in the workforce. \r\nSight and Touch are key senses to learning Physical Science. Time spent in the classroom cant be wasted, therefore every second must be spent learning.  Being able to build a science project not only make science real, but it adds a more personalized learning to what is being taught.  \r\nTools like the K'NEX Education - Forces and Newton's Laws Sets will definitely help with hands on learning. The HP 11.6\"" Chromebook 11 G4 is needed to help students complete written science assignments in English.  In the end, having more of these items will make science more fun and learnable for my students.  Time spent waiting for a computer to use will be cut in half."
d06ee4573dff69b96bbdd8d747769734,Ms.,IN,2017-03-31 20:57:47,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need pencils like the desert needs the rain. Please support us during the last quarter of the year so we can finish strong!,0,0,"A Time Machine, A Match Maker, A Magic WandMy brilliant, talented bilingual and multilingual students are sometimes first or second generation immigrants. While some of their parents have found the American Dream, others are still searching. \r\n\r\nMany of my students have learned the difference between \""need\"" and \""want\"" the hard way; keeping the lights on is a \""need\"" and asking for pencils and notebooks are a \""want\"". As a consequence, supplies such as pencils go scarce when the big sales have ended. The beautiful thing about this tragedy is watching how readily my students provide for each other and share. They never give something and remind that they need it back, I never hear them demanding \""pay back\"" for lending out pencils a week ago. \r\n\r\nPlease consider investing in these children. They possess such wonderful gifts and talents, and they will inherit the world.In the last quarter of the year, students will be working hard on a variety of writing assignments in all of their classes. We will be completing at least one more full essay in my class in addition to word work that my learners need to fill gaps in the understanding of phonemes. We use the Words Their Way activities, which involves making lists, meaning maps, and other recording methods. All of this grinds to a halt without a writing utensil. Also, practicing their skills is especially crucial now, as we will be reviewing material that can appear on tests measuring their learning from the previous 3 quarters. \r\n\r\nAll of this requires the use of writing utensils. Be it drafting paragraphs, writing short responses, re-doing math problems, they need sturdy pencils with erasers. Please support us and help us practice to make perfect."
c9a1a6c9ff38502c9aa0492fdccc940e,Mrs.,SC,2017-04-20 14:14:05,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","Early Development, Literacy",My students need a classroom area rug that gives each student space to learn!,0,1,"The Magic CarpetI teach at a title I school where I have 19 sweet students. They greet me each morning with a bright smile and they bring lots of positive energy to my classroom each day. They all have a unique personality and together we make a great class family. \r\n\r\nThey come to school ready to learn each day and our school is a very special place for learning to take place. We love learning in 4K, learning is so much fun!Having this classroom rug will allow each of my students to have their own space. This will allow the students to focus on their learning and it will make learning fun. The rug will also, decrease any distractions that could interfere with their learning. \r\n\r\nMost of our learning takes place on the carpet. This rug will allow us to read a good book, work as a group, learn as a whole class, sing, dance, read independently, and work with lots of materials each day. This area rug will be large enough for all of our students to sit comfortably, without distractions."
ae538de782db957f784d0eb2abf1aec3,Ms.,FL,2016-09-01 06:47:28,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need iPads to further integrate technology in our classroom.,0,1,"Teaching with Technology!My students are young impressionable kids who are eager to learn and explore a world that has so much to offer.  They are shy, funny, friendly, timid, rambunctious, and caring.  They have a thirst for knowledge and a desire to explore.  My students have a need for a positive, technologically rich learning environment, where they can be free to let their guards down and absorb as much knowledge as they can.  They deserve every opportunity this world has to offer in order to succeed.Technology in the classroom has become a vital part of everyday instruction.  As a teacher, I am encouraged to integrate and expose my students to any and every form of technology as well as encourage them to use it in their every day life.  However, many of my students will only be exposed to technology at school as many of them dont have the means to afford computers, tablets, or even internet access at home.  As their teacher, I want to give them the best I can, expose them to an abundance of possibilities, and prepare them to be successful in a world where technology is the future."
06ac5121c71ac3a4aae34a8ee59e75ab,Ms.,WI,2016-12-21 14:03:07,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need computers in our classroom in order to meet the minimum requirement of minutes for a program called Odyssey,.",2,1,"Calling All ChromebooksMy students are 100% Latino, mostly Puerto Rican, and the vast majority come from low-income households, many with only one parent and some with only one grandparent. All of my kids get bused in to our school on the East side of Milwaukee from neighborhoods that are terribly affected with drugs and gang activity. One thing I find astounding about my students is their potential to succeed when they have the resources, teacher and peer support, and a safe and comfortable environment. \r\n\r\nOne of my 7th grade students struggles with mental health issues and tried to take her life earlier this semester. Yet after attending day treatment for two weeks and returning to school, she often tells me that she wants to achieve a proficient score in all of her classes. I can see her determination when she diligently takes notes in math class despite sitting around other kids who like to chat quite a bit. I also see this when she takes the initiative to remove herself from negative situations and conversations with peers. She absolutely has the ability to succeed, and she will be able to do that with appropriate and sufficient resources in our classroom.My students are in desperate need of computers in order to do academic activities on Odyssey, a program mandated by Milwaukee Public Schools, that has been proven to increase student achievement levels as well as scores on state tests. \r\n\r\nLincoln has limited resources when it comes to chromebooks, and it is a challenge to have computers to use even once a week for our reading intervention class, a class which requires the use of Odyssey as these students are significantly below grade level. Odyssey takes a student's state test scores and creates activities for them based on the areas in which they most need extra support. In other words, this program is specially designed for each student, which is one of the reasons students are able to make so much progress when using it regularly. As a district, students that are significantly below grade level are required to use this program 60-90 minutes a week. Right now, my kids are lucky if they get 45 minutes every two weeks because of our lack of computers. Help these students progress towards grade level standards by giving them the opportunity to use this much needed program."
24e1f07552982b0b7d1c6d6a8b08773e,Mrs.,MN,2017-03-23 12:32:49,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need some creative tools for indoor recess (and STEM projects). We are k12 and share space with the high school.  If we can't go outside then we are in our classrooms for recess time.,0,0,"Indoor Recess Rescue!We are in a rural area with a high number of free and reduced lunch  recipients.   We are a K-12 school so we share space with the high school.  In 2012 our school flooded due to weather.  Many areas in classrooms were underwater  and the damage has been tremendous.  We try to promote growth mindset, healthy choices, active school days and  embrace the rule community and natural wood setting that surrounds us.  We try hard, play hard, and learn hard!We are limited as to what we can do in our classrooms for several reasons (space and budget are the biggest obstacles).  My students are so creative and need an outlet that is not always digital. We do A LOT with technology but for them to be able to manipulate with their hands and minds connected would be so beneficial.  I have a small classroom budget because we are a small school it is hard to justify these items over basic needs.  I plan to share with my entire grade level! Thanks for considering a donation to these amazing kids."
e765872bf5c5045c159b757583b33ca3,Ms.,CA,2016-05-26 19:31:05,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need portable CD players to listen to audiobooks.,4,1,"Making Books Accessible to EveryoneMy students are special because they don't let their difficult situations define their futures. I work in a title 1 school located in an area of high poverty. Many of my students have gone through or experienced things that no child (and sometimes adult) should ever have to experience. \r\n\r\nWith over 90% English language learners, I need to get creative to catch my students up with their peers. My students have their goals and they know what they need to work on to take them to the next level. I'm so proud of their determination to succeed, and they know I will do anything to get them there.\r\nOne of the biggest obstacles I face as a teacher in my school, is an abundance of struggling readers. I am asking for CD players to allow all my readers to access books that they are interested in. \r\n\r\nI don't want my struggling readers to lose their love of reading before they even have an opportunity to experience everything it has to offer. One of the biggest struggles for my low readers is the lack of reading content appropriate for their grade level. When their peers are talking about books they read that my lowest readers cannot access, reading can be very disheartening for them, embarrassing even. A combination of reading from their own books and listening to audiobooks will allow them to not only practice what they need to, but they will also be able to partake in reading discussions with their peers. There is nothing better than a struggling reader declaring that he or she has finished a chapter book and loved it."
720e58234cad163b74c21be2f2d23491,Teacher,MO,2017-04-18 16:37:31,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,My students need chrome books to be able to research artist and artwork to incorporate into their art work.,0,1,"Artistic ComputingOur students at Osceola are from a small rural community. We are the only school in the community and are at least a 45 minute drive to a larger community. Osceola school has a large number of students that qualify for free and and reduced lunch. Our students attend a single school PK-12. In order for our students to work a job they have to drive on a average of thirty minutes one way. We have several students that serve as caregivers for younger siblings. Most students ride the bus to and from school which makes it difficult for students to attend extra curriculum activities. Finances, shortage of quality teachers and changing social values are all factors our students contend with.Chrome books will enhance creative learning for many different activities in my art classes. The chrome books would be a great enrichment tool to allow students to go on visual field trips by visiting many different museum sites, photos and video footage, and art enrichment.  Chrome books could be used to video students at the art show talking about their art work.  The chrome books would allow art support for special needs students and various apps would be useful for digital art creation.  Students will be able to use a variety of websites for digital storytelling and design. The chrome books allows the students to show their work in a creative, digital format. The digital formats allow for publication and sharing of projects with a wider audience. We a do several art projects inspired by artist such as Andy Warhol and Chuck Close and chrome books would allow the students to be able to edit their own photos to use for the the assigned projects. \r\n\r\n Chrome books would  allow students to access their work anytime and anywhere. They would be able to create and curate their own gallery, select pieces they want, move them around and share them privately or publicly.  This could be a great way for students to showcase their understanding of a particular artist or style of art. Chrome books would allow many creative project for Art History unit.\r\nI would be able to put two works of art side by side and perform an in depth analysis of the works. So students could write a comparative\r\n analysis. \r\n\r\nMy ideas for the use of Chromebooks in my art classroom are endless, and I would love to see  students excitement if they discover that we may have this new technology in art class to enhance our creative learning \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n"
1921ac6e9b66c4d58140536b793f2ad2,Mrs.,GA,2016-07-22 23:19:49,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need flexible seating options to promote student-owned learning and increase student engagement.,2,1,"Flexible Seating for Personalized LearningMy fourth grade students are eager to learn and explore! Our school allows students to \""Bring Your Own Tablet\"" and promotes technology in the classroom.\r\nMy goal is for our classroom to have an environment where students are comfortable, confident, and able to collaborate with others. I want students to have ownership of their learning. To promote student-owned learning, I would love to have flexible seating for my students. I believe having flexible seating options will help students be more engaged in their learning.Flexible seating will create a comfortable, inviting classroom. This will encourage students to work together collaboratively. Providing several options for student seating will appeal to different learning styles. \r\n\r\nProviding an environment where students can actively engage in their learning will positively affect their academic performance.\r\n\r\nStudents will be able to choose a spot where they can do their best learning and working. They may sit on a pillow or bean bag chair on the floor with a clip board. They may prefer to balance on a yoga ball while working at a table. Students will have several options to choose from. This will give students responsibility and ownership of their learning. \r\n"
e61641cad6c7fe389446286ab58d675a,Ms.,GA,2016-12-12 15:05:29,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literature & Writing",My students need games for comprehension and letters to build words! My ESOL students are very visual learners and these two items will help them in my classroom immensely!!,1,1,"Reading games for more comprehensive reading fun! :)My students walk into my classroom every morning eager and ready to learn! They are excited to use their knowledge and learn new materials everyday. My students are not just \""students,\"" but my children who shower me with love, laughter, and teach me new things every day! \r\n\r\nOver half of our students are on free/reduced breakfast and lunch and in many cases I provide additional snacks for my students. These kids are willing to learn and create new ideas throughout the day in the classroom. \r\n\r\nMy students think on an IB level, which simply means, they take their knowledge and apply it throughout their daily lives!My students need games and activities that focus on the alphabet, letter recognition, and writing, as well as reading comprehension to explore with at workshop time. Our students will use these materials to explore their ability through building, drawing, making letters and sounds, and then words! \r\n\r\nTeaching ESOL students, visual aids are crucial for their learning and understanding of different concept and skills that are being taught in my classroom. These games will help build their reading comprehension with the different strategies we are learning in the classroom and the magnetic letters will help many of them build words that will also use as a visual!"
9530ab8a78448791d133d13b2c7c11d1,Mrs.,MI,2016-08-07 13:14:15,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need the STEM bundle to build a learning environment foundation of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.",3,1,"STEM Learning for Science, Technology, Engineering and MathWelcome to a our learning world.  We are a low income school with approximately 70% of our students receiving free or reduced lunch.  We have a large amount of our students that receive Title One services to assist in reading and math progress.  Our teachers work diligently to provide the best education for each and every student.  Our school motto Build Today's Learners To Become Tomorrow's Leaders is the goal for all our students.  My students are encouraged to be creative, curious, positive minded risk takers.  They know the importance of true grit, perseverance and life long learning.  It is my responsibility to keep things simple and provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences. My students are creative, clever and very spontaneous.\r\nThey like to move, they love to read and love lots of positive attention. From the minute they walk in the door of my classroom I try to provide them with an ongoing learning experience.Having this set of STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics)-based learning items will allow for deeper learning in my classroom. These materials will help my students learn broader concepts within the realm of science and technology using hands-on manipulatives that will allow my students to apply the concepts. By being able to take the lesson from the textbook and lecture to concrete application, students will better retain the learning and be prepared to build upon it in the future. \r\n     Giving my students access to these materials will not only better prepare them for the classroom, but for their future careers.\r\nPlease help me get my students the supplies we need to more effectively cultivate their growth as learners."
280182b5719d5acc7aeb4304af3df65e,Ms.,IL,2016-08-26 08:08:54,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,"My students need hammers, magnets, and tweezer tongs to help with their fine/gross motor skills. They need books to read and pillows for a safe space to read. They need the storytelling frames to comprehend.",2,0,"Help Provide Access to Education for Children with Special NeedsMy students absolutely love learning. They walk into the classroom everyday eager to dive into a new lesson. They always begin each day striving to do better than the last. They are constantly asking if they can read longer and do more work. My students have high sensory needs and benefit from any form of sensory stimulation as it helps them become more focused on their work and teaches them how to regulate their own behavior. \r\n\r\nMy students come from a low-income neighborhood in Chicago where 98% of the students receive free breakfast and lunch. Their parents are extremely supportive and hardworking. They truly want the best for their kids and use our school as a resource. Unfortunately, our school cannot meet all of their needs as we do not have the supplies to help them. Our school has only been open for three years so it has a limited number of supplies.My students love learning. They love coming to school every morning. I wish that I could provide them with everything that they need, but as my school has only been open for three years, we are not able to take care of all of their needs. My students have very poor fine / gross motor skills. This affects their ability to do many things including writing with a pencil. I want to help my students not only be able to independently hold a pencil and write legibly, but also be able to use their hands without feeling like they are doing something wrong.\r\n\r\nYour generous donations will help my students be able to improve their fine/gross motor skills and be able to independently move their body without fear of breaking anything through learning in a fun and interactive way. These donations will help set up my students for the rest of their lives. Without learning how to independently use a pencil and move their bodies, they will not be able to truly thrive or succeed on their own. Your donations will help them feel more successful and self-reliant as they will be practicing important skills. My students will no longer feel embarrassed as they will be learning and growing while they are playing. \r\n\r\nMy students are strong readers. As they are getting older, they need help with analyzing what they are reading. Through receiving story frames, they will be able to analyze what they are reading in a fun and interactive way. They also need more books to read as my classroom does not have many books, so they are having to reread our books multiple times. Your donations will help them grown not only as writers, but also as readers."
9f936ea91f1a712eeea368f99a383268,Mrs.,OK,2016-10-15 13:42:20,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need a Scholastic Magazine subscription, books, basic classroom supplies, and motivational rewards.",12,1,"Forever Fabulous In Fifth!!!!This year I am thrilled to be teaching 3 classes of 5th graders! My students are some of the best and brightest. Every day they come to school eager to learn and love to challenge themselves. \r\nMy students are not only bright, but loving as well. I teach in a high poverty school. I know that most of our kids don't have the best home life, so I want to provide them the very best education that I can at school. They deserve the best.\r\n\r\nWhat an awesome blessing it will be to have my project funded.  I care so much about my kids that I want them to be as academically successful as they can be. My students truly  deserve the best. \r\nThese deserving students will be so excited to get their own subscription to Scholastic News Magazine. My students love to read and I know that it would mean so much to them to have their own magazine. My kids will also be blown away by the motivational trinkets  and snacks that I am requesting.  Many students come to school hungry and I know the snacks will make a great difference. The basic classroom supplies like staplers, notepads, and pens will greatly benefit our class."
1f3721218beb28b4831e0446c0500a7b,Mrs.,AL,2016-08-24 15:55:15,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need the 2 Apple  IPads mini to take accelerated reader test and to complete their assignment in the reading and math programs.,1,1,"An Apple a Day Keeps Illiteracy at BayAs a teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences.\r\n\r\nMy students love to read and venture through many education sites on the internet. Many of them are being raised in single parent households and receive a free lunch based on their socioeconomic status. These things may prevent them from getting ahead early in life and may not provide them with the life experiences many of us see as \""typical\"". From the minute they walk in the door of my classroom I focus on their potential and growth while they are with me. I may not be able to control their home lives, however, I can certainly control their experience during the school day. By doing this in a creative and positive way, I am hopeful to inspire even our earliest learners to continue on a path of academic excellence.Having the iPads and laptop will allow for different structures of learning in my classroom. The students will be able to improve in reading and math. The students will be able to take accelerated reading test and engage in some of the great opportunities offered within their reading and math programs.\r\n\r\nSince my classroom is not yet at the level technologically to meet the students needs, this grant will help to close that gap a little more.\r\n\r\nThe addition of technology would give my students a much needed boost of practice in the technological areas. Students who are confident in using technology will be ready to face the challenges of higher education."
eb4c09521349cf8313bd719fc2b9f3db,Mrs.,CA,2017-02-22 17:44:13,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Environmental Science,My students need iPads and accessories to help them accomplish this project.,23,1,"Save our PlanetThe students in my class are all English language learners.  They are mostly from low income backgrounds. We are a Title I school located near downtown Los Angeles.  Our student population is about 600.  Students receive assistance and free breakfast and lunch. My students do not have access to materials needed for school on a daily basis. \r\n\r\nThere is a daily challenge to bridge the gap between what is required of them as students and the technology to keep up with that challenge as students. My students are hungry for knowledge, but they lack the necessities such as technology to help bridge the gap between what they need to learn and what they are actually learning.My students will be learning about recycling and Earth Day.  They will learn as a responsible citizen, their job is to protect and care for this earth as long as they are a part of it.  \r\nWith the iPads and accessories, students will be able to research online, the different things around their environment in which they can reduce, reuse and recycle on a daily basis.\r\nThe iPads will give them access to pictures and non-fiction articles on how to take care of our earth.  This will help the students apply their online learning to their daily lives and put it to practice."
9b58caab6f7c442566ee1eb22148a1c6,Mrs.,SC,2016-12-08 11:12:19,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Mathematics, Special Needs",My students need an interactive whiteboard system so they can show their knowledge in a variety of ways.,2,1,"Learning in ACTION!My students all face different educational difficulties. Each student I see comes to me for extra resource services in math, they all also receive resource services for reading and writing. \r\n\r\nIn my room, all students are given the opportunity to experience success. I make it a point to celebrate every achievement, no matter how small, because my students don't often get celebrated. Though they all come faced with different challenges we stand together as a family and look out for each other.My classroom is equipped with a projector and computer but sadly we do not have an interactive white board like some of the other classes in the building. If we were blessed with the IPEVO Interactive Whiteboard system my students could show myself, my class and the world what they know in a fun and interactive way.\r\nMy students love to show off their knowledge and skills, especially when it is interactive. I currently use my projector so students can write on my whiteboard but the activities are not nearly as engaging as they would be if we could interact with the screen! \r\nMy students are often disappointed when I have to erase their hard work to make room for my next task but with this system I can save it and print it out for our tabletop reference book."
a894f9627757603938ebb2b54c54267b,Mrs.,NY,2017-01-23 21:05:28,Grades 3-5,"Health & Sports, Applied Learning","Health & Wellness, Parent Involvement","My students need kindle fire tablets, screen protector, a case, a wireless interactive whiteboard system, and cardstock.",151,1,"QR Codes...Empowering Parents As PE Partners\""Free the child's potential, and you will transform him into the world.\"" - Maria Montessori\r\n\r\nTransforming children is par for the course in the Title I, K to 5 school where I teach physical education. We have one of the largest enrollments of English as a New Language Learners in any elementary school in our city. The challenges these kids face are amazing. Many are learning to speak English for the first time, even as they continue to develop and master their native tongues at home. \r\n\r\nThere are over a dozen languages and dialects represented in our school. This, along with the long hours of school and after-school program enrollments, severely limit time available for social interactions and the formation of meaningful friendships outside of school. \r\n\r\nIn every grade, there are students with special needs. All of the children are working hard to meet our newly adopted and rigorous Common Core-based curriculum. What is more amazing than all of this, however, is the dedication these students show day in and day out as they strive to reach all of their personal, social, and academic goals.One of the greatest challenges to getting my students up and active at home is the lack of knowledge on the part of their parents and caregivers regarding what constitutes safe and appropriate physical education activities in the home. Many times, parents and caregivers will attend a parent involvment workshop but will fail to follow through with their children in the home because they lack the resources or cannot remember how to get them to engage safely in the small spaces in which they live.\r\nI want to empower parents to be true partners in PE by giving them substantial tools to encourage healthy lifestyles at home.\r\nNearly every household today has some form of tablet, android phone, or iPhone/iPad device. With the addition of a QR code reading app that device can become a powerful tool for accessing high quality physical education activities in the home. I want to invite parents to attend a class with their children. During this class, parents will learn how to use the kindle fire tablets to read QR codes. Each scanned code will open a video that will demonstrate a physical activity, ie. jumping jacks, yoga poses, juggling task. Then, both parent and child can follow along just as they would if a teacher were leading them. With the addition of the  wireless interactive whiteboard system, larger groups can work together as the digital images are projected on a wall.\r\nOnce at home, they will be able to download printable QR codes from our school website that can be scanned with their personal devices. In this way, they can practice at home just like they did at school. Learning will literally be in their hands."
2537c362d86a9b84f05f1b360aa11ff1,Mrs.,SC,2016-06-08 20:50:12,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need Stay-n-Play Balance Balls and Bouncy Bands to keep active during class for health benefits and to help them learn through movement without distracting others.,0,1,"Bouncing Straight to the Top of the ClassThe students at my school are pioneers. They chose to be in a program that had not yet been tested in our state. Our program is centered around Project/Problem Based learning opportunities. Students are provided with an authentic, real-life problem to solve. The students then identify what information is needed to solve the problem and that's what the facilitators provide. Our program teaches problem-solving and questioning through critical thinking that is not provided through traditional sit-and-get. \r\n\r\nThe best part about our program is the flexibility to tailor the education to our students instead of the other way around.  Many of my students are athletes or have trouble focusing and need to be moving constantly. This is one reasons our program has worked so well for them. They are able to get up and move during class. However, I want to provide other ways for my students to move and keep active without disturbing the learning of others. Getting these bouncy straps for their chairs and the additional active ball will allow the students to be \""busy bodies\"" without disturbing others. I hope that the increased movement will continue to heighten their learning experiences.\r\nStudents in high school are offered less opportunities to be active than students in lower grade levels. Recess is only an idea of the past and lunches are limited to 30 minutes a day. Students need to have an active, figuratively and literally, part in their learning. \r\n\r\nAt the secondary level, we NEED to provide those active learning opportunities. My students will benefit from have the Bouncy Bands and the Stay-n-Play balls because they will learn and retain the material more if they are comfortable and active in the classroom. \r\n\r\nRight now, we have mobile desks and chairs (not connected like a traditional classroom) that allows the students to collaborate with each other effectively. My students love rolling chairs but they destroy the floor so easily that we need an alternate solution.\r\n\r\nDuring workshops (or direct instruction) students will be allowed to use the Stay-n-Play balls so that they are able to move even during a lesson. I plan to attach the Bouncy Straps to the chairs so that students can move all they need to in a way that won't distract others."
f02b76b46bf631d23826e5e82452268e,Ms.,CT,2017-02-28 08:52:03,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need new educational games that will strengthen their math and decoding skills as well as provide some down time during our very busy days.,5,1,"Let's Play!My students are creative, hardworking, and have lots of energy. They like to be active while learning while completing work in different spots around the room, and they also love lots of positive attention and reinforcements. From the minute my students walk in the door of my classroom, I focus on their potential, individual growth, and work hard to instill a passion for learning in each and every one of them. \r\n\r\nAs a special education teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. My students have a wide range of abilities- some of them are students with autism, some have ADHD, and others have a specific learning disability. However, despite the many challenges they face, I am continuously impressed with their resiliency, senses of humor, and their curiosity of learning. My goal is to provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences.\r\nMy students love playing games, and will work hard to earn some time playing with them in my classroom. By funding this project, you will be providing the resources for my students to play educational games during our small group instruction times, as well as for rewards.  The games that I have chosen are educational and will be a great addition to our lessons. The games that I have chosen are a mix of academic games that align with many of my student's math and reading goals.\r\n\r\nMy goal for this year is to make my students' classroom a fun, happy, and joyful learning environment."
a47b48b4fe9ed4a0259bede1eeec2471,Mrs.,NC,2016-08-18 13:43:25,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need experiences with math manipulatives in order to build fluency with numbers 0-20.,1,1,"Experiencing Numbers with Unifix CubesI teach second grade at an inner-city school. My school is an older school, but the staff cares so deeply for the students and we take great pride in creating the most inviting environment possible for them. 100% of my students receive free lunch. Most of my students are blessed with parents that work long hours, multiple jobs, and commute long distances to give their children the best life possible. My students have trouble reaching grade level proficiency without intervention.I have received a training on math education and am very excited to implement it. In this system, students will travel to different workstations in order to have many experiences with manipulating qualities. In order to implement these workstations I will need lots of unifix cubes in order for each child to work independently on their tasks. \r\n\r\nThese workstations will range in different activities of counting, building, composing numbers, and decomposing numbers. Students may work alone or work with a partner while I will walk around and confer with students about their discoveries. I will use these conferences to guide my teaching."
d02a6876dee2ab709295b00bd3920859,Mrs.,CA,2016-05-20 01:37:45,Grades PreK-2,Applied Learning,"Early Development, Extracurricular",My students need a mobile backpack storage cart to hold all of our backpacks and lunches throughout the day.,72,1,"Back to School With A Backpack CartMy future kindergarten students are sure to be wonderful and caring children with a bright educational future ahead of them.  I want to provide my new students with the right start they need and deserve when they begin Kindergarten this August. My goal is to make their first school experience a tremendous one, will you help us achieve that?\r\nMy students attend Kindergarten at a school in a low income area, and we have to rely on the generosity of donors to help provide the necessary materials for our class.Our school is located in a low income area.  As a result our classrooms are small with no storage and have not been updated.  There is just no space in our old rooms for the students to keep their backpacks and personal belongings.  We need a mobile backpack cart to hang all of our backpacks, lunch boxes, and jackets on.  The mobile cart will remain outside of our classroom so none of our personal items will be distracting to us while we are learning, and it will also give us easy access to our snacks and lunches while we are outside playing."
969fdff9e00f9cd7c30ef522668fa0d0,Ms.,NY,2016-06-20 13:24:34,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need ink. This will lessen their daily copying, waiting for copies, spending too much money and given them time in completing classwork  to strengthen their perseverance and not waste time.",7,1,"Print & Let's Go!!My students are full with energy and prefer to be challenged. They enjoy learning in small groups, with a partner and sometimes independent. I am a fourth grade Math/Science teacher that service 60 students. One fourth grade class is an ICT class with a mixture of students with IEP, ENL and General Ed. students. The second fourth grade class only has General Ed. students.\r\n\r\nMy students possess a perseverance  mentality and great stamina that helps them solve any problems without giving up.I am in desperate need of ink for my class. I have resorted to depending in colleagues who will print for me. Sometimes I feel that I am disrupting their routine schedule and me asking them to print what I need is way too time consuming. I usually print homework for my students so they don't waste time copying and can get right to work. I also like to print class notes from my lesson as a resource for students and parents to use for homework. I also like to quick print any worksheets that will help me assist with students that need  differentiated activities during a lesson where I notice kids are struggling. I want to continuously meet their needs. At this time, students are copying from the board and doing practice sets with partners as needed. Modifications and adaptations to the classroom and curriculum, as well as individualized communication supports, are necessary for ensure student success but also requires additional resources, and supplies. \r\nWith your help, I can provide what I need for my students without risking instructional time to copy"
0361569c8fe6988d4f64c4804844e60c,Mr.,MI,2016-07-21 17:11:21,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need flexible seating options in the classroom that will increase motivation and engagement, create better oxygen flow to the brain, and improve core strength and overall posture.",5,1,"\""Is This Seat Taken?\""My students attend 5th grade in an intermediate building with over 900 other fifth and sixth grade students. We have an increasingly diverse student body in regards to both race and socioeconomic status. Our district, like countless others, is faced with the lethal combination of shrinking budgets and rising expenditures which at times, has put even the most basic necessities, like books, out of reach. Fortunately, our community places a high value on education and has continued to support bond proposals  that allows our district to continue to meet the needs of of our 21st century learners. Due to overall size of our district, however, the decisions made at the top do not always reflect was is best for individual classrooms and smaller groups of under-served students.Flexible classrooms give students a choice in what kind of learning space works best for them. It helps them to work collaboratively, communicate effectively, and engage in critical thinking.\r\n\r\nHow children learn is as important as what they learn, so, it's no surprise that physical activity is linked to higher academic performance, better health, and improved behavior.  \r\n\r\nThe Backless Balance Ball Chairs requested in my proposal are designed to engage your core, relieve pain, and help you breathe better without the temptation of resting your back and losing your posture. Small micro-movements caused from balancing on the ball will stimulate blood flow, keeping your core and back constantly engaged.\r\n\r\nWhere do you choose to sit?\r\n"
d523f258b55bb41c3bcb6dd67cfab6c1,Ms.,OK,2016-09-22 01:14:50,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs","My students need a printer, ink and paper.  They love to create projects and see them in print.  We have the resources available to use for typing but need a printer.",0,1,"Bring Our Story to LifeThe students at my school are multicultural, creative and amazing! We have families who come from all over the world such as Nigeria, Vietnam, Mexico, Iraq, other states, and a mix of students with purely Oklahoma roots as well. The ability levels and income backgrounds of our students varies greatly as they are a true representation of America.\r\n\r\nWhat makes our school unique is that poverty rate of 65% pushes the staff to work a little harder at times to meet all student's needs.\r\nWe overcome challenges of all kinds daily without making excuses. Please choose to support this project as it will make a big difference in our school.My students struggle with writing.  Sometimes they have learning disabilities that create problems with putting what is in their head down onto paper.  The use of a printer would allow them to use technology to print and showcase their work. \r\nThe possibilities of what we could create are endless.  Students could produce summaries of their reading, type out a report, and create a school newsletter.  Your donation to this project would put a printer into our classroom which would allow us to utilize it daily.  \r\nStudents are motivated to work harder when they see their hard work as a completed project.  Please help us make this happen for our students.\r\n"
15f3f3e4d1adff4a1ba433f10f4bd00f,Mr.,CA,2016-08-14 03:50:37,Grades 9-12,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Team Sports",My students need 16 Striped referee jerseys to referee the youth games.,18,1,"Striped Shirts To Ref Our Youth League!!!\r\nThe students of our school are poor. Most of our students come home to empty houses due to the fact that their parents are working 1-2 jobs just to keep a roof over their kids heads and food on the table. A vast majority of my student (90%) receive free and reduced lunch at school. For the most part, those free meals they get at school are the only meals that they will eat for that day.\r\n\r\nSummer vacation for most of our students is not a vacation.\r\n\r\nThey spend this time working either alongside their parents in the fields or find their own jobs in order to help bring in extra money for the family.\r\n\r\nMost of our students do not get to participate in sports because they cannot afford the required equipment.\r\n\r\nMoney at our school is very short especially for sports. Being able to provide our students with the best equipment is always a struggle.\r\nOur students love basketball and to helping out. They love being out there competing and being with their teammates. The problem is that we need shirts so we can referee our youth league.   \r\n\r\nA couple of our players came to me and asked if we could get some referee shirts to help to ref the games.  Money is always an issue in our community, especially in schools for items outside of the classroom. That is when one of our students suggested something that she had heard about in one of her other classes called Donorschoose. \r\n\r\nThis project would allow us to have 16 shirts so we would be able to have multiple games played at a time.  This would mean more games will be played and the youth players would have the opportunity to be active and participating and not standing there waiting on games, because with this project we would be able to have more than one game playing at a time. We believe that is would help keep the league more fun and upbeat and keep the students interested. \r\n"
62801a90e159f464ec8602f634086934,Ms.,MA,2017-02-09 10:42:05,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy","My students need both fiction and nonfiction readers to participate in individual, partner and small group literacy lessons and activities.",7,1,"Reading Rockstars!Welcome to English as a Second Language! My students are English language learners with diverse strengths and challenges. They are enthusiastic, inquisitive and hardworking. Many do not know all of their letters or sounds and lack reading fluency and comprehension. These students also face many obstacles outside of the classroom.\r\nI believe that each child is able to learn, grow and succeed. Yoga, creative movement and multi-sensory techniques and strategies are incorporated into lessons to ensure the success of all learners. Students work hard to gain new skills, strategies and a positive attitude about reading!The Fiction and Nonfiction Readers will help my English Language Learners develop essential literacy skills. These readers will be used in a variety of ways to target phonemic awareness, phonics, fluency, vocabulary and comprehension skills. Students will also engage in repeated readings to build fluency and develop a sense of pacing, intonation and expression. \r\n\r\nStudents will be able to participate in personalized lessons and activities in whole group, small group and partner settings. They will receive direct and explicit instruction targeting individual learning needs and goals that are aligned to the common core standards. Students will also make valuable text-to-self, text-to-text and text-to-world connections with these diverse ranges of topics. \r\n\r\n\r\n"
2e4b1f7df9cc1271efa5210f675bde26,Ms.,FL,2017-02-01 12:47:06,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need the Seedling Design your Own Marble Maze with virtual reality so that they may begin to code and design,4,0,"Reality, Well...VirtuallyOur school is located in northeast Florida. We are a middle school with grades 6-8. Our school has almost 1300 students. These kids are good children who work to achieve, not only meet, but surpass expectations that are placed upon them with all the rigor that is involved in education. \r\n\r\nI am blessed to teach almost 400 7th grade students in ICT2. These young ladies and young men are such hard working people. We spend 60 minutes a day focusing on technology and earning digital tool certifications in Communication, Database, Spreadsheet and so much more.\r\n\r\nThe create your won virtual maze will help my students with beginning coding and design. These activities will give my students hands on experience with design. Having the virtual reality viewer will bring their creations to life and enable them to actually use what they have created. Sometimes it is being there and actually getting to experience things that make learning the most meaningful. When learning is fun, learning takes place before the kids even know that they are learning something. And that, as an educator, is the way that I want my students to learn...hands on and not through sit and get."
2bcdc75056a431aae98d6fac11f67787,Mrs.,NY,2016-12-02 07:43:55,Grades 6-8,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need 10 prize winning TOON graphic books to add to our class library.,77,1,"TOON Graphic BooksMy students are smart, motivated, and caring kids who are excited to come to school and learn every day. They are interested in learning all they can in order to find their true passions. \r\n\r\nOur middle school is a diverse high-needs school of about 1,400 sixth, seventh, and eighth grade students. Almost 50% qualify for free or reduced-rate lunches. Many of our students receive services including ENL, special education, and academic intervention. Despite the many obstacles my students face, they are hardworking, passionate, and enthusiastic about learning. They inspire me!I am requesting a set of TOON graphic books to add to our classroom library.  The collection is consists of 10 high-interest genres.  It includes Greek mythology, fantasy, adventure, and fairy tales. TOON Graphics are comics with visual narratives that bring the text to life in a way that helps capture the reader.   These books will help my students decode and comprehend the text that they are reading.  For reluctant readers, these graphic books make reading less of a task and it helps promote a love of reading for them.  The text may be limited because of the graphics, but the complexity, structure, and vocabulary intelligently go along with graphics to enhance their comprehension.  \r\nThese books will be an amazing addition to our classroom library, especially for our reluctant readers."
eeecbb6a721708dfb24364160054d2d2,Ms.,CA,2016-05-26 00:53:26,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,"My students need the cube chair to help increase body awareness, as well as assist those students who are learning to sit. The cube chair provides additional body support well increasing independence.",1,1,"Learning To Sit is Crucial to Learning and AttentionMy Students are Preschool Autism kiddios, who range from non verbal to extremely verbal. They range from 3 years old to 5 years and I have a mixed group of personalities. My classroom is designed in a way that allows learning to happen in every aspect or center in my room. My students are the ones who direct the learning and I create my classroom and curriculum in a way that best meets their needs. \r\nMy students bring so much joy to my life, I honestly learn just as much from them as I try to  teach them. They have such a unique perspective on life and how the world works. I'm simply guiding and riding this train of learning with them.My students are learning to sit and I want to promote independence as much as possible. The cube chairs not only allow them to sit independently but promotes comfortable sitting. The cube chairs are versatile in they allow us to flip them over for taller students and flip them the other way for shorter students.\r\nOne thing my students struggle with is personal boundaries and the cube chair allows them to learning proximity well being safe. The cube chairs are designed not only for sitting but can be used for students to play with toys on and to use as a desk. They are an awesome tool for the classroom, I think of each of my students as a house. In preschool we lay the foundation for what will be built in the next academic year. The cube chairs are part of the tools we need to lay successful foundations."
1e7ee59a8fbf3d9a2f5b96c587eed2ea,Mrs.,TX,2016-09-21 18:06:04,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need flexible seating so that they can choose the best option for them to be successful.  Chairs limit a child's movement and my students need wobble chairs that will allow them to move freely!,2,1,"Wibble, Wobble, and Work!I have 22 active 5 and 6 year old students in my class. Our school is a Title I school containing students of all cultures and backgrounds.  We enjoy songs, dance, centers, and sensory play, all while learning to read.  We do a lots of partner work and collaborative learning. My students are eager learners and love to share what they have learned. They are very good at problem solving in social situations and working together for the benefit of the class. My students work best when they are able to choose their own seating for projects, lessons, and activities.\r\nMy students need flexible seating so that they can choose the best option for them to be successful. Students need to work in groups, partners, and individually, but they need to be comfortable enough to learn. Some students prefer to lay down, stand or move around during group work and or individual work. Chairs limit the movement of a child.  My students need chairs that can be easily moved around the room, giving them the power to choose what will work best for them. These chairs are flexible, meaning students can choose a different seating arrangement for each subject throughout the day. They can wiggle, wobble, and learn. Learning should be fun!!"
1f684e6e2dad5985ab688f8c4be8a1a8,Ms.,TN,2016-10-28 13:57:51,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need access to a dry erase board that works.  Mine in my classroom is an old \""shower board\"" and will not come clean.  This is something we use EVERYDAY in our classroom!",0,1,"Writers Growing...Learners Glowing!I am so privileged to do what I love everyday!  I have THE BEST students ever!  All of my students struggle greatly in one area...READING!  That is where I come in!  I am their reading teacher...their reading encourager...their biggest supporter in reading.  I want them all to read on their level and grow a love for reading!  \r\n\r\nI have a passion for teaching reading and I pray that overflows into the lives of my students every day.  I have two second grade groups and one third grade group.   I also have a fourth grade intervention time as well as a third grade intervention time.  During these times, I come in contact and build relationships with so many students...approximately 45-50 to be exact.  Because I teach in a \""Title 1\"" school, the majority of my students are also low-income families.  Therefore, I rarely ask for anything from them for my classroom...I want them to know that everything they will need will be here when they come!  I don't want them to stress about not having a pencil, or a marker, or paper, or anything they need!  However, running a classroom sure does cost a lot of money!  :)There are many things that a teacher uses daily in a classroom...books, manipulatives, computer, projector, dry erase board, and so much more.  My dry erase boards in my classroom are VERY old and do not come clean anymore.  \r\n \r\nThis is where you come in...please help support my classroom so that my students are given the opportunity to have a useful dry erase board that serves many purposes in our classroom!  We use it for the following...\r\n*phonics instruction\r\n*reading instruction\r\n*team games\r\n*writing\r\n*magnetic sorting games\r\n*display student writing and work\r\n*instructional support\r\n\r\nIt is vital that we have a \""working\"" dry erase board in our classroom.  Thank you for helping me reach this goal for my students!!!\r\n"
dff0c29b7f57fb2f7b18a10869e2cb73,Mrs.,PA,2016-05-26 12:01:28,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need an IPad to support academic areas through the use of hands on technology within the classroom. These devices provide several resources that enhance learning in both ELA & math.,0,1,"Kindergarten! Little Minds in Bloom!The students in my kindergarten class are hard working, fun and eager to learn! They are all unique and enjoy learning through the use of hands on technology.  These students enjoy engaging in many ELA & math activities centered around our academic curriculum.  \r\n\r\nMy kindergarten students are full of energy and they love to learn.  They make every day fun and exciting here in our classroom. We enjoy doing many fun activities in both reading and math each day.  They are truly the reason I love teaching!Our class is requesting an IPad to enhance learning in the classroom.  iPads not only provide additional resources to promote learning, they also provide differentiation for individual student needs.  There are several apps that differentiate in areas of literacy & math.\r\n\r\nWe plan to use the new IPad for reading, and math as well as science and social studies activities. The IPad would also provide technology time for students who may not have an opportunity at home.  I know the students would be thrilled to have this additional resource in our \r\nclassroom! Thank you for your consideration, the children greatly appreciate it!"
d6a2723a203c70ed75050e0ee07c8635,Teacher,MO,2017-01-12 11:28:24,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literature & Writing",My students need flexible and comfortable seating in order for them to relax and use their imagination as the read and write!,1,0,"Expand Learning Through Flexible Seating*\r\n\r\nWe are the home of the \""Tigers\"", a strong, diverse community that has gained a well-earned reputation for focusing on the development of the whole child. We are committed to cultivating a love of learning, teaching our students great character, and empowering students with the knowledge and skills to excel as productive citizens in the 21st century.\r\n\r\nWe have the privilege of working with students from many different backgrounds, experiences, and interests.\r\nBecause my students have a variety of preferred learning styles and are at different levels of academic readiness, it is imperative that I find ways to differentiate in my classroom, not just in my instruction. It is my job to make connections and understand each student and to use this understanding to deliver instruction that honors individual differences. My students deserve an equal opportunity to learn in an environment where they are comfortable and their needs are met.Our school values the individuality and learning styles of each and every Gator. In order to help foster a true love for learning, students need to be empowered to make choices that help them be their best learners, collaborators, and thinkers. That learning, collaborating, and thinking does not always happen while sitting at a desk.\r\n\r\nIn order to engage and empower students to take ownership of their learning, they need the autonomy to choose seating that allows for movement, collaboration, and differentiation.\r\nThis project will provide my students with the opportunity to select the type of seating that helps them focus and learn best. The pod seats, rugs, stools, lap desks, and foam mats will provide a variety of workspace opportunities for students and will move away from the old-school mentality that all students must be instructed at their desks. The caddies will allow students to bring their supplies to their preferred workspace easily. I believe that by providing a variety of workspace options, students will be more engaged and collaborative in their learning, which will deepen their love for school and make them successful, lifelong learners."
369ad653fe3d9a7da5647feb4e1f7db4,Mr.,NY,2017-02-17 09:03:36,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need a bunch of per-sharpened pencils, a pencil sharpener and colored pencils.",24,1,"Pointy Pencils!My students come from low poverty/low income families who have not been exposed to many of the cool, amazing things the world has to offer. All of them are all filled with curiosity and the eagerness to learn as much as their little minds will allow them to. Hands-on experiences are the best ways to keep these students engaged. Just because these students aren't in the best of neighborhoods doesn't been that they should be deprived of the many materials offered elsewhere.My students are in dire need of pencils and a pencil sharpener. Even though it is the beginning of the year, the students are lacking supplies. Many students have still not brought in supplies (pencils), and the school does not provide that many. It would really be helpful to myself and my students to have a batch of per-sharpened pencils so we won't have to worry about running out of pencils throughout the school year. Children are always looking around for pencils, constantly losing and misplacing their pencils. With all of these pencils ordered, the students will hardly be stressed out about not being able to write."
018a95f78543af5a59c9b2c6221e6499,Ms.,IL,2016-09-01 14:58:22,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a whiteboard easel to supplement my lessons in every subject area.,5,1,"Help Us Ease Instruction with a Whiteboard Easel!My classroom is a place of learning and fun! My 3rd grade classroom has 23 enthusiastic students, each with their own unique talents and abilities. Our classroom is a melting pot of different backgrounds and life experiences. \r\nEvery student that comes through my door is unique in their own way, and together we are a community of learners that work with one another and learn from one another.  Third grade is all about learning with your friends and encouraging others to succeed!\r\n\r\n \r\nThe whiteboard easel is an important tool for every classroom - especially in the primary grades. Every lesson requires the teacher to write and draw in addition to their teaching. Some students are visual learners that need the information posted up long after the teacher is done with the lesson. With this easel, I will be able to actively engage my students by modeling excellent writing, drawing pictures to supplement abstract concepts, and add richness to my everyday lessons! This easel will also be a great learning center for students to use themselves. During writing centers, students can use the magnetic board to arrange magnetic letters to spelling and vocabulary. As you can see, this one item will have MANY uses in our classroom!  \r\nThis whiteboard easel will greatly impact every lesson I teach, everyday!\r\nIt will truly enhance my teaching by allowing my students to read and see what I am talking about. In addition, it's a blank canvas for my students to explore and safely practice their reading and writing! If they make a mistake, they can easily fix it by erasing it and starting over. Thank you for reading and for any contribution you make!"
aa688e0e2297797d34d319411c303735,Mrs.,NC,2017-04-03 11:28:24,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need to improve their social skills and speech intelligibility in order to be more successful.,2,1,"Speech and Social Skills ToolsI serve about 70 students who have mild to severe articulation and language disorders, stuttering and/or social communication disorders.  About 35 of those students spend most of their day in a separate setting due to Autism, Intellectual Disabilities, Visual Impairments, Anxiety and Sensory Processing needs.  \r\n\r\nWe have the motto Every Child, Every day at our schools! Our regular education students learn to be accepting of and welcoming to our students with special needs.  Helping our special needs students make gains in their ability to communicate allows them to spend more time with their typical peers.The workbook will help students with social skills deficits learn to understand how other people think. \r\n\r\nThe speech buddy will help students get correct placement for \""r\"" which can take a very long time to teach and can be very frustrating for students.  These are tools that I have been trying to get funded all year, but have combined with other expensive tools so the projects never reached full funding.  I am trying to break it into smaller projects to see if I can get my students the tools they need to be successful.  I am hopeful this strategy works."
da6c89e51c3a6775498b1a5c7c7a4b2e,Mr.,CA,2017-03-29 13:18:40,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Environmental Science",My students need experience with living plants for scientific research and discovery.  These items will help my students be able to set up their own plant based experiments about how matter cycles through systems.  Thank you.,0,0,"Barry Science Greenhouse ProjectMy school is a small school with a strong community culture.  My school services kindergarten through eighth grade students.  We are unique in that the students have all bought in to the family mentality.  Seventh graders help the third grade students with reading, fifth graders and eighth graders play basketball together without incident, and the kindergarten students all know the friendly teachers that they will have in future school years.\r\n\r\n  As the school's middle school science teacher I have the pleasure of being the coolest guy on campus.  All the students know me and I regularly get shout outs from across the school yard.  I feel honored to serve such a tight knit community of students.  Our school really is a family.  \r\n\r\n  I feel that with Donorschoose.org I will be able to give all the students at my school something great to enjoy for many years.The Barry Science Greenhouse Project will provide middle school science students with a multi-faceted tool to learn about ecology and matter in our world.  Funding this project will help future generations of science learners use the scientific method to discover science on their own terms!\r\n\r\nThe students at Barry school are excited about science, and this Greenhouse project will allow them to plan and conduct their own experiments that relate to the Next Generation Science Standards.  The Greenhouse project will provide useful practice in the scientific method and data collection that most middle school students do not receive at most schools."
ee6af4d87fb32443e03bea4c1c51a3e1,Ms.,IA,2016-08-03 13:49:00,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need materials for indoor and outdoor recess time which will enhance physical activity for everyone.,7,0,"Building unity through active playMy class is full of amazing, inquisitive, and compassionate learners.  Their motivation to learn pushes me to be a better teacher.  \r\n\r\nHowever, learning is not simply in the classroom.  Working together as a team, following rules of the game, and dealing with healthy competition are vital in today's society.\r\n\r\nIn this class, students participate in cooperative learning and are learning to work together in a united classroom.  Collaboration is a challenging skill to learn and my students continue to exceed my expectations on working together, accepting differences, and encouraging every learning style.  Students use this knowledge in the classroom and throughout the school.  \r\nThis project will allow students to engage in activities which promote active play and conditioning.  Currently students supply their own recess equipment or rely on teacher donations.  Students will use the variety of recess equipment, balls, bats, etc. to engage in active play because an active student is a focused student.\r\nProviding a variety of outside resources for student's to engage in will enable appropriate, positive, and growth development for students to find success. \r\n  Building collaboration, team building skills, and unity in and out of the classroom will not only create a stronger lifelong learning, but will create a stronger member of any community.  \r\n"
8578d4118e1f0ce1b8440b3fddbbb197,Ms.,OK,2016-11-27 16:33:49,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need STEM materials such as magnetic tiles and an engineering kit to spark their creative and mathematical brains.,5,1,"STEM Time in KinderlandMy little lovelies come to school each day eager to get to work and play.  They come from varying socio-economic backgrounds and attend a Title I school with a very high free/reduced lunch percentage. My classroom is a safe haven for my students to take risks and feel successful in their learning.  These kinderbabies do their best learning through play.\r\n\r\nWith a wide range of learning needs and abilities, my classroom is filled with active, engaged learners who are always surprising me with their kindness, courage, and creativity.  \r\n\r\nThe world is quickly moving forward with science and technology.  My students need access to STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) materials with which to practice and play.  These activities will engage my kinderkids while introducing them to important and valuable problem-solving techniques.  \r\n\r\nThe materials in this project will give my students hands-on opportunities to interact with various STEM concepts.  My students are already fascinated with magnets and the Magna-tiles will allow them to explore magnets while helping them learn and understand shapes.  The engineering kit will encourage my students to explore various science concepts such as gravity, force, and motion."
1ca5c0ccdf04b902b3d2b3116bd0dd3f,Ms.,AZ,2017-02-06 20:24:59,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need four book shelves to help transition our classroom from traditional style seating to alternative seating. By eliminating most of our desks we are compromising much needed storage for books, folders, and materials.",2,1,"Storage for Success!The Anderson family consists of 33 caring, supportive, hard working students who strive to do their best every day. It is an honor to be their teacher and see them grow academically and socially throughout the year. Our class is made up of various learning styles, backgrounds, and personalities which make for  excitement filled days. My students love to work hard, do hand-on projects, receive praise, and laugh. And let me tell you, there's a lot of laughing!\r\nYour donations will go towards students who are willing to show up every day, no matter their home circumstances, and give their all.  \r\n\r\nMy students have been working on a long-term project researching what alternative seating is and creating their ideal classroom. They have written extensive reports and are now designing blue-prints of the classroom they would learn best in. Having a classroom where students can choose the method they learn in (standing, sitting, laying down) is shown to increase attention and motivation. \r\nBy eliminating the desks we are left with the issue of where to store our learning materials. These book shelves will solve that problem and get us one step closer to creating our ideal classroom where all learning styles are met."
49784a85a141a21cdd13e560d0a9cf91,Mrs.,KS,2016-08-03 18:18:59,Grades 3-5,"Health & Sports, Literacy & Language","Health & Wellness, Literature & Writing",My students need to keep their bodies active to keep their minds constantly engaged.,3,0,"Bouncing With BooksIt is hard for little bodies to sit still, not to mention sitting still and focusing on learning. Exercise balls engage bodies, allowing the mind to concentrate on other things.\r\n\r\nI teach Language Arts in a departmentalized elementary school. \r\nThe students get to move from class-to-class and teacher-to-teacher throughout the day. After school these students are non-stop, go, go, go. Participating in sports and other extra-curricular activities beyond the school day is what they are used to. Being able to move during the school day is more suited for their lifestyles than sitting in a hard chair all day long.Exercise balls in the classroom would allow over 80 students the opportunity to engage their bodies while engaging their minds on educational tasks.  What a wonderful experience that can be!\r\n\r\n    Students will be more excited to come into the Language Arts classroom to learn everyday.\r\n\r\nNot only will they get to enjoy the general atmosphere, but also have more options with how they do this.  Having choice in where and how they sit is very empowering.  I have had exercise balls in the past that are the talk of the school, though they do not last forever and need to be replaced every few years."
b9708323604cd4f2d60f3dc9f3787b9c,Ms.,IN,2016-06-09 20:39:20,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need leveled readers. Being a younger teacher means you are still acquiring necessary materials for students!,1,1,"Young Readers Turn Into Strong CitizensMy students are dreamers, hard-workers, and love learning despite any home life situation they might have. Some come to school hungry without having a meal the night before, and yet they manage to get their homework done....My students are heroes in my eyes. \r\n\r\nMy goal in teaching is not only to inspire my young ones to value education, but to value themselves. Each child deserves to feel loved, special, and empowered. \r\n\r\nI have been teaching at the elementary level 1.5 years and I am getting amped up for another wonderful and exciting year this fall. \r\n\r\nBOOKS! BOOKS! BOOKS! WE NEED BOOKS!\r\n\r\nLeveled books are a great way for students to empower themselves as readers! Leveled readers will help my students grow their reading powers! It is important and necessary for my students to not only be able to read, but to be able to read a variety of texts. \r\n\r\nMost of my students in my district do not have any type of reading materials at home. I require, no NEED these leveled readers so my students can grow into well-rounded individuals. By expanding and growing a library in my classroom, my students will be equipped with the right tools in order to achieve their life-long dreams. Help me aid my students for what they deserve!"
8e9d7583093fe87e3c912202604cc72f,Mrs.,NJ,2016-06-20 09:41:15,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need basic schools supplies for the upcoming school year.,2,1,"Knowledge is PowerOur school serves inner city low-income families.  The city is surrounded by violence, drugs, and crime.  I have been working at this school for the last 6 years.  The children at this school are absolutely diamonds in the rough.  Our school provides much needed structure, safety, and community.  It is where they come to share meals, foster their creativity, further their education, and better themselves.  With the rise of charter schools, the public schools have lost much of their funding.  There has been drastic budget cuts and the children are the ones receiving the short end of the stick.The donations will make a difference in the students' learning by helping to alleviate the stress of not having enough to buy their own supplies.  It will be like Christmas in September!!  \r\n\r\nThe crayon and markers will be used on a daily basis.  They will be incorporated in different learning activities and projects.  The Math games will be used for learning centers on a daily basis as well.  The buzzers will be a fun way to get all the students engaged in quiz type games.  When they come to school and see everything waiting for them, they will be so excited to learn."
6ea49435211c4db473ec1a5a3979e21e,Mrs.,GA,2016-08-26 18:25:53,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need word building magnetic lap boards to help with building words.,1,1,"Making Words!I am a kindergarten teacher to 24 of the sweetest kindergartners (16 boys and 8 girls) you will ever meet!  That's right, 16 boys!  As you can guess, they have a lot of energy  so we are constantly up and moving!  They are little sponges and love learning through hands on activities.  \r\n\r\n I have several students in my class with learning disabilities.   My goal is to make sure ALL of my students succeed.  They truly are a special group of kids.We are working hard in kindergarten on letters and letter sounds. My students are starting to understand how to use their knowledge of letters and the sounds they make to write and read words! Using the magnetic boards will help my students manipulate letters without having to spend time searching for be letters they need to build words. With the magnetic boards, students can build words in a small group with their teacher, or individually at a word work center. They can also practice building their sight words. There will be many learning opportunities available with the addition of the magnetic letter boards in our classroom."
d36c158f9f95db287dc019fe6f00cdad,Mrs.,WI,2016-08-20 11:27:08,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need Hokk chairsi, wobble chairs and stools to help them focus.",0,0,"Learn and MoveAs a teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. When they come to school it is a place where they can feel safe.\r\n\r\nThey like to move, they love to learn and love lots of positive attention. Many of them are being raised in single parent households and receive a free lunch based on their socioeconomic status. From the minute they walk in the door of my classroom I make sure they feel safe and know I care about each and everyone of them. I may not be able to control their home lives, however, I can certainly control their experience during the school day. By doing this in a creative and positive way, I am hopeful to inspire to continue their journey in education so they can become successful adults.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nThis past year I noticed how wiggly my students were.  They had so much stored up energy that it was difficult for them to sit in the hard plastic blue chairs provided for them.  Together we discussed what would help them focus and help them to learn better.  They unanimously said they would like seating like the other 2nd Grade class which has flexible seating.  I knew that Hokki stools and other available seating would help getting out their stored up energy.\r\n\r\nHokki Stools allow for movement in all directions, which is necessary for student development as well as physical movement."
a4bc29acacd5e3c37c74e3a7c70a10a2,Mr.,NY,2017-02-09 22:25:43,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Applied Learning","Applied Sciences, Early Development",My students need three GoPiGo Robot Kits and three Raspberry Pi Computers to move them from passive consumers of technology to innovative collaborators.,0,1,"And on this Farm, There Was Some Raspberry Robots?I have the amazing opportunity to collaborate with over 500 students in our STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) Inquiry-Based Learning Lab.  We are located in a small, rural community in Western New York.  (We can see cows from our classroom!)  I work with every student in our K-6 population on STEM project based learning.  \r\n\r\nWe would like to utilize engineering, robotics, and programming to develop solutions to real-world STEM problems.  Please help us move our youth's focus from passive consumers of technology to innovative creators of programs and inventions.  This will allow our students to begin thinking about career paths at an early-age and to develop confidence with a positive mindset concerning the STEM content areas.We are looking to add robotics, coding, and programming to our STEM lab in a rural school.  But, we are currently lacking the technology to accomplish this with our students.  We believe a set of three GoPiGo Robot Starter Kits and Raspberry Pi computers would be the perfect fit to introduce hands-on innovation.  \r\n\r\nA set of three Raspberry Pi computers to program three GoPiGo Robots can engage a variety of grade levels covering a variety of STEAM topics and disciplines.  For example, younger programmers can be introduced to coding by moving the robots through a maze or competing in a robot soccer match.  More students can learn about planets and program the GoPiGo to explore as a planetary rover.  We could transform our robots to become reptiles and utilize heat sensors to explain cold-blooded tendencies of different animal species.  Our robot platform can even spark a new innovative invention to help people.  The possibilities to engage our students through collaboration are endless!\r\n\r\nPlease consider helping us utilize the GoPiGo robot kits as a medium to learn STEM content.  Robotics cultivates creativity and provides authenticity to a curriculum.  It allows ideas to become reality through brainstorming and constructing a robot or program.  This will prepare our students to become highly-skilled learners that will contribute to a vibrant future.  Thank you!"
925694b4512752af741f25b01bc385e6,Ms.,CO,2016-05-10 12:23:36,Grades 6-8,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Character Education, Special Needs",My students need different types of sensory seating.,0,1,"A sensory rich classroomDo you remember sitting in a crowded classroom?  Do you remember how hard it was to sit still?  For my students it is a daily struggle to not fidget in the classroom. If I can take away that one problem, they can focus on their learning rather than their bodies.I am the lucky teacher of 6th-8th graders who have mental illnesses, behavior concerns, or autism.  The school I teach at has a high percentage of students living at or below the poverty line. My students face obstacles every day in their personal lives and in school.  Despite the extra hurdles my students must overcome; they are still kids, dreamers, and our future.I envision a classroom where all of my students are focused, alert, and learning. Students with sensory concerns often have problems with motor skills and other abilities needed for school success. With the additional sensory seating, my classroom will allow my students the movement they need in order to learn.  The seating will be allowed to travel into other classrooms where my students can now sit next to their peers and not be the cause of disrupted learning. The sensory seating will also teach my students to advocate for themselves and make their own accommodations in the world outside of school so they may become productive members of society. It will remove one obstacle in the lives of my students.I strive to create a classroom where I can take away some of the obstacles in the way of my student's learning.  All of my students have sensory needs that the classic school furniture is not designed for. I hope to add sensory seating that will allow my students to move without disrupting their learning and also the learning of others around them."
69efb833354dcbe84c8dd1eb4768c15e,Mrs.,NY,2016-09-23 15:13:17,Grades 6-8,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,My students need capture the evolution of humans and their amazing ability to change.,0,0,"Photography is the Art of Capturing \r\nSouls not SmilesHere at P.S.58, \""The School of Heroes\"" we live up to our school's name dedicated to the brave men and woman who gave their lives on September 11, 2001. \r\nTo leave a lasting imprint on the community and world at large, just as our name sake implies, we are fostering a diverse population of students with strong beliefs in respect, communication, tolerance, and acceptance such as the characteristics of a hero.\r\nWe are a Pre-K to 6th grade school community with a range of learners from severely handicapped to talented and gifted students.As an elective, students will utilize digital cameras to learn how to take various types of pictures (different lighting, setting, action, subject juxtaposition etc...). The cameras though are just the first part of their journey in photography.  We hope to partner with our local drug store chain and have students learn how pictures are currently developed.  When students return for their second round of electives, they will study the history of photography, famous photographers, and recreate their style using the digital cameras.\r\n6th grade students live in a world of social media illusions.  They believe the pictures they see are mere pieces and don't understand the whole puzzle they represent.\r\nHopefully, through the course of this study they will understand how culture represents art and how sometimes art can be manipulated by the artist."
150fbddbf14f26a96b67addcf25e9854,Ms.,CA,2016-12-16 20:50:54,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need 2 Chromebooks, several headphones, and a surge protector.",25,1,"Kindergarteners Need Chromebooks!The school has a diverse population in terms of socio-economic status, ethnicity, and learning needs. In my classroom we have students that are gifted, English Language Learners, and students' with special needs.\r\n\r\nMy students are very enthusiastic about school and learning. They love hearing stories read aloud and writing/drawing about their own lives. They also love singing and dancing. They are very kind and loving to each other. They are creative and often blow me away with their skills and ideas.As a kindergarten teacher, I have seen how powerful technology can be in reaching students. There are a lot of really great educational websites and apps out there that would really help me target my students' individual needs. With your donation, I would be able to get 2 Chromebooks with headphones to help my students develop much needed skills in reading and math. The Chromebooks would be used in whole group instruction, smaller groups, and individually with my students that need the most support. Chromebooks would allow my students to access literature that they would not normally be able to read. They would also help them develop valuable literacy skills such as concepts of print, letter sounds, sight words, reading comprehension and basic math skills. Not only would it teach and reinforce valuable skills, they absolutely love using them."
b186cf305616461d5989ddccc033996b,Mrs.,AZ,2016-10-25 23:58:50,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need literature that they can relate to while building their literacy.,1,0,"Love LiteracyFor us, the question is not \""are you going to college,\"" it is \""where are you going to college?\"" The majority of our students will be the first generation to go to college. We are a college preparatory campus and instill the desire for higher education in all of our students, regardless of their background.  Because of our encouragement and educational support, nearly all of our graduates go on to pursue post-secondary education. Our students have great potential and it is up to us to provide them with the opportunities they need.Even reluctant readers will read if the book is relevant. Most kids don't see how \""the classics\"" are going to help them in their life. They cannot relate to Macbeth, Piggy, or Abigail Williams. They can, however, relate to at least one or two of the teenagers from \""Freedom Writers Diary\"" because they are teens just like them from a low income neighborhood. They have the same struggles and turbulent lifestyles as the kids in the book.\r\n\r\nJust like the book, our school is the one place students can find encouragement, support, and safety. It is my goal that these kids are able to use this relatable and compelling literature to improve their own reading and writing skills and ensure their readiness for a college education that will hopefully break the cycle and improve their outlook for the future."
4edc7150b7415d492721605d9a4ed371,Mrs.,OK,2017-04-21 15:34:03,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Environmental Science,My students need to be exposed to different materials that will enhance their learning and understandings.,0,0,"A Chameleon in the ClassroomAs a teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district in a rural community, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to  provide my students with meaningful learning experiences. \r\nMany of them are being raised in single parent households and our whole school receives  free and reduced lunch  based on a great majority of our students parents socioeconomic status. \r\n\r\n My students like to move, and partake in hands on activities. Being their science teacher is a true joy.  Each of my students seem to value education and always give a hundred present. I feel like if I can provide my class with new opportunities they will benefit greatly.My students have not be exposed to basic reptiles nor their environment. By having a Chameleon in the classroom my students will gain a better understanding of how a food chain works as we grow or own crickets to feed our chameleon.  Also by having a chameleon I can better explain what habitat and environment means along with teaching the differences in reptiles and mammals. By having a chameleon in the classroom I will be able to teach all of theses topics in a hands on learning style that will benefit my students individual learning needs.\r\n\r\nA chameleon in the classroom will also provide my students with the chance to be responsible which is a life lesson that my students will benefit from greatly as the years pass by."
047444cc23fa66af93cef39a8dcc2588,Mrs.,UT,2016-10-11 15:35:51,Grades 6-8,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need these ipad mini's for individual enrichment, practice, and reteach in math and reading.  The cases will keep them nice longer and the headphones are to allow them to listen to audio instruction.",2,1,"Mini Ipads to Maximize Independent LearningMy students live in a small rural town, and many of them come from agricultural families.  Our class sizes are large and growing due to the new homes being built on old farm land.  This is bringing a diversity to our school of new students and families versus the established students and families.  The students have many diverse interests, talents, and abilities. The community is working to bridge the new with the old respectfully, and the students are a part of this dynamic situation.\r\n \r\n\r\nThe Mini Ipads will allow my students to work independently on enrichment, practice, and reteach in multiple content areas.  Each of my students has many various needs in each content area.  These Ipads will be rotated to each of my students during the week. I would like them to be able to access Ipad applications specific to their needs. My students who are reading below grade level will use their time with the Ipad to access reading applications to remediate their reading.  Ten of my students will use the Ipad to access math facts applications, this will help them in math to master new concepts, rather than struggling with the computations.  I have two gifted students who will be allowed to access applications that challenge their thinking and problem solving skills. \r\n\r\n"
cc3d0d09fc5808bbe7af777f07db467b,Mrs.,NM,2016-08-01 21:58:06,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need STEM sets, Bee Bots and Osmo kits to build and explore in the classroom.",2,1,"CAUTION: Rogue Robots!We're a high tech classroom that happens to be multi-age. Students are always on the move to centers and guided reading or math groups to teach the standards we are trying to cover and keep students engaged. We love to use technology in centers and guided groups as well as in our thematic units. I have a classroom with students ranging from kindergarten to second grade. When the program I teach in was created, we were to get the low students that just need more time to develop. Well, they did and so did our program. We have a wide range of abilities which needs major differentiation. I have high, low and average in each of the grades in my classroom. The wonderful thing about my class is that students can work at their ability level. I have kindergarten students working with 1st and 2nd graders! The students aren't limited to what is taught at their grade level. On the other hand, I have students that are working at a slower pace. They are allowed to work with students that are at the same academic level rather than being left behind as they might be in a straight grade classroom.I have some amazing kids in my class that need the challenge that STEM projects and coding will give them.  They love math and science. I talked with the students and they are the ones that chose the Bee Bots and Osmo.  They are so excited about the possibility of working with these coding tools.  I am excited as well as I will be learning right beside them.  \r\n\r\nMy students will be fully engaged with the STEM projects and the Osmo during independent and group centers.  As we learn more about coding, we will be using the Bee Bots for group coding assignments.  They will also be working on communication, math and problem solving as they work through various tasks. Thank you for any help you can give my students in attaining these tools.  They will be well loved and used.  \r\n"
bac8e2b0fa67a3e019e18741d00b27aa,Mrs.,AZ,2016-10-18 18:27:31,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need and would be grateful for, a classroom set of calculators.",0,1,"Can I Get a Calculator Over Here!\""Happy learners\"" is one way I would describe my classes.  These kids are in a rural, low-income area and often with one parent in the home; despite all of this, they are happy to be in my classroom and are enthusiastic about learning.  St. Johns Middle School is committed to providing the best education possible.  I love these kids and will continue to work tirelessly to help them achieve their goals.  I'm lucky to spend each day with these children.Can I get a calculator over here?  This is a phrase I'm familiar with.  A classroom set of calculators will enable my students to work at their own pace.  They will be able to finish assignments faster. Having more time on their own device will help them build their skills and knowledge on the calculator. \r\nImagine trying to do a math assignment sharing a calculator with someone else.  I would love to see what these kids are capable of if they each had their own calculator to work with.  My hope is that by having a calculator for each student they will become more confident in their mathematical abilities."
e6cdd7ba0dd73cfeaa53c94821aeddfc,Mr.,IL,2017-01-19 18:22:46,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Music & The Arts","Literacy, Music","My students need literature about music so that our younger students can have story time during music, and that my older students will have literature to research musicians to learn about them.",3,1,"A Musical Library of LiteratureThis is my first year teaching ever - and one thing I've noticed immediately about my students is that they are an immense group of untapped talent and creativity. \r\n\r\nMy students are most successful through project-based learning and hands-on approaches.\r\n\r\nOur students come from Hispanic (making up 74% of our students) and African-American descents (making up 21%.) Our neighborhoods are made up of working class families with most in poverty - but this does not stop our students from success.The first book I read to my students was \""Pete the Cat.\"" The energy that overtook my classroom whenever we came across, \""I like my white shoes! (or blue shoes, or red shoes, or brown shoes, or wet shoes) was overwhelming. I could see their untapped love for reading. We need more music literature in our school.\r\n\r\nThis will also allow cross-curricular connections between language arts and music.  Reading is a challenge in our school that our students struggle to overcome. It can be overwhelming to them. By having reading occur in music class will reinforce our school's push for higher literacy."
c47fe7d022fbc4a12e70850e0b58100c,Ms.,CA,2017-03-28 17:42:23,Grades 3-5,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,My students need 3 nice art tables so they can all have space to do their art.,28,1,"A Sturdy Place to Work: 1I have over 450 curious minds that come into my classroom each week ready to learn about art: both the history and the practice of making it. The students I have are in a wide range of ages 5-14 and grades kindergarten through 8th. For some of my students this is the first year they have attended my art class, and they are eager to participate! For others this is another year for them to learn and experience new things. My students are bright, energetic, with creative minds that shock me sometimes with the great ideas they come up with. Many of the children I teach have a very hard home life, their parents are both working two to three jobs to scrape by, they are homeless, or they come from a broken family. The goal of my classroom is that no matter where they come from or what is going on outside of school the students have the same opportunities and materials as students in the schools around here. It can be hard at times but with the support of people like you I am able to give these students an amazing art class each year.Tables are great, helpful pieces of furniture. They allow students to sit in a chair and work. They provide a flat space to work on, but they are only helpful when they are sturdy. The tables that are currently in my room wiggle and wobble as students work on them. They are stained and gouged from years of overuse. The tables are also too small to allow enough space for each student to work without overlapping artwork.\r\n\r\nWe are in desperate need of tables that will be sturdy and give each student enough space to both work and move around the room. The tables that I am requesting are both sturdy and right sized. They will be easy for both the students and myself to clean. Please help us get a sturdy place to work."
9e505c695fc9b9a6ba2934a4c374f19f,Mrs.,KS,2016-05-26 11:42:31,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Early Development, Special Needs","My students need a classroom carpet with clearly defined spaces for everyone, so they can focus during whole-group instruction and storytime.",1,1,"Classroom Carpet - A Place For Everyone!The goal of early childhood education should be to activate the child's own natural desire to learn.\"" - Maria Montessori. My students absolutely love to learn, explore, and grow!\r\n\r\n    I teach Pre-K Unified, meaning all of my students are at-risk or have special needs.\r\n\r\nHowever, they don't let that hold them back! They are all leaders, and teach me as much as I teach them! Because I have young learners in my class, they benefit most through a hands-on approach to learning, meaning we are down on the floor together, digging into material and manipulatives, on a daily basis.I teach Pre-K, which means that it is many of my students' first experience in any kind of classroom setting. In addition to academics, it is my job to teach them how to line up, how to walk in a line, how to listen to a lesson, and how to sit criss-cross on the carpet. \r\n\r\nThese fundamental skills will affect their success in school, and as a Pre-K teacher it is my job to lay this foundation. A class carpet with a clearly defined space for everyone goes a long way toward teaching kids the skills they need to be successful in the classroom.\r\n\r\nBecause funding is being cut yet again in our state, without this project we will not be able to obtain the necessary seating for our classroom. Our current carpet has too many spaces that look the exact same, which makes assigning seating next to impossible, especially for young learners. A linear carpet with clearly defined spaces will assist me in classroom management, and ensure my students know exactly which space belongs to them. This will cut down on transition times and enable us to focus fully on our learning!"
6fcba75db31b727ca86a71f6030471ee,Mrs.,DC,2017-03-09 02:59:10,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need the opportunity to interact with each other academically, socially and emotionally through a wide variety of fun educational games.",4,1,"Essential Games!My students need fun educational games for their literacy and math stations that will enhance their skills.\nI believe that education is all about being excited about something. \nSeeing passion and enthusiasm helps push an educational message. \nI couldnt agree more with Steve Irwin.\n \nMy scholars come to school with enthusiasm for learning, life, friends and interests that run the gamut from bugs to the moon.\n\nThey come from all areas of the district. Our school depends on the support of our community. We use our community leaders as tools for learning, and our city as a way to explore history.Educational games will be an exciting avenue to practice essential reading, writing and math skills while having conversations about a specific topic.  I want to make sure my students have every possible opportunity that I can provide for them to learn and grow in multiple ways. \r\n\r\nPlaying games not only provides opportunity to enhance and develop reading and math skills it also allows for self-regulation, synergy, perseverance and good old fashion life lessons.\r\n\r\nSeeing my students learn and grow in a fun and happy environment, stirs my soul!  These games will promote such an environment as well as benefit their organizational skills and teach them to be responsible for multiple pieces of materials; organization is an essential life skill.  \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n"
ba9945355c34fa433531af695c82fb37,Ms.,CA,2016-08-26 03:09:02,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need the Magna-Tiles Master, Wacom - Intuos Draw Creative Small Pen Tablet, and Canon PIXMA MG2924 - multifunction printer set so I can introduce math concepts using visuals and kinesthetics.",0,0,"Resource class needs resources!!!I am the resource teacher at San Fernando Middle School. The students I work with have dissabilities that impact their learning. Some of my students have specific learning dissability, autism, and other health impairments. Most of my students do not have the resources at home to get the help they need to get help with the general education curriculum.\r\n\r\n I know that I am most likely the only person that will give them that one on one attention they need, therefore  it makes my time with them very valuable and crucial. Most students come from low income homes, therefore parental resources are low. The students I work with are very sweet and try their best, but definetely need extra encouragement and patience in order for them to understand math. My students are not understanding regular lecture based math, therefore I feel teaching them math with a more kinesthetic approcah will be the most beneficial.As mentioned before my students are in the resource program because they have a dissability that impacts their ability to access the general education curriculum. I am a new teacher to the school and have very little resources to help support my students. I feel like manipulatives and being able to visually see what I am trying to explan and teach them will benefit them. I personally am a visual learner, therefore I need lots a visuals when it comes to math to understand it. With tlimited copies, supplies, and manipulatives, I really dont have a lot to work with when assisting my students. \r\n\r\nThe manipulatives, drawing pad, and printer will allow me to give a hands on and visual approach when I work I want to teach a math concept to the students. I have seen students understand fractons when colored fraction strips are used, or manipulate tiles. When I provide services for my students I want to present a lesson a different way than what their general eduaction teacher is doing. Since I get to go into depth, I feel like working with manipulatives, providing colorful worksheets and projecting images will help them better understand a concept."
51f1bde8f3739c46d6ed4204dd9cd367,Ms.,TN,2016-11-08 16:37:18,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need leveled readers that are on their appropriate level.,10,1,"Reading Rock StarsMy students are very special little individuals.  They come from a very low economic background.  The students that I have are very respectable and come from very respectable families.  The school at which I work at is 98% economically disadvantaged and all our students receive free breakfast and lunch at the school.  Our school is also made up of 80% Hispanics for which they come to school knowing little to no English.  The language barrier between teachers and parents is the hardest part, but with translators we make everything work just perfectly.My students are in need of books to read independently on their correct reading level.  In our classroom library there is a huge amount of Second and Third grade books but not many to choose from on a First Grade level. The goal is to get books on their level and push them forward towards a higher level.  The books I have requested are on levels A-E which are on a Pre-K to beginning of First Grade level. These are the books they need in order to enjoy reading and becoming frustrated when they struggle with a book that it to hard."
5313a1b570e8c386fe70f5d3ac9c4684,Ms.,MA,2016-08-14 15:56:18,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a listening center and books to help improve their reading skills.,2,0,"Reading Rocks!My students come to school everyday excited to be in a safe learning enviornment! They are mostly of hispanic heritage and live in one of the poorest districts in the country. All of my students receive free and reduced lunch and look forward to coming to school for a healthy warm meal. Despite the challenges they face they are so bright, happy, and eager to learn! They love reading and being read to and they bring those experiences home to their families.This listening center will help improve my students reading skills and abilities. They will learn comprehension strategies, listening skills, and vocabulary skills. It will give them access to books they might not have access to and allow them to read books at a higher level to push their learning even further! In my class their is a high population of ELL students and these non fiction texts will give them the knowledge of language they might be lacking to be prepared for school. Technology is so important in our society and this will teach my students how to use it and respect it."
e5598d64ce4ee5e3cfaf9714ca82dcdc,Ms.,CA,2016-08-13 12:47:25,Grades 6-8,Health & Sports,"Health & Wellness, Team Sports",My students need assorted locks and  tool boxes to create their own Breakout EDU gaming kits!,14,1,"Help Us Breakout of the Classroom and Learn Actively!Our school is located in the center of a gang infested neighborhood, which is dangerous and often tempting for students who struggle in school. My students are active, energetic, and capable learners; however, many struggle with basic reading, writing, and math.   \r\n\r\nTurning lessons into innovative games and offering a hands on approach to learning is what my students need!\r\n\r\nMany are being raised in single parent households and qualify for free breakfast and lunch. They have not always had the best experience in school, so my first task is building relationships, trust, and their self esteem. They enjoy getting out of their seats and participating in active learning.  Creating games as a way for student learning is just one perfect way to get those who struggle with reading, writing, and engaged in academics!I attended the Google Apps For Education Summit and was so excited about one of the sessions they offered.  It was called Breakout EDU and was an amazing experience! Games, or \""breakouts\"" teach teamwork, problem solving, critical thinking, and so much more by presenting teams with a challenge that will spark their interest in a variety of subject matter!  This style of learning will get students on their feet and moving, so they are increasing their daily activity without losing precious minutes of instruction! \r\n\r\nBreakout EDU creates ultra-engaging learning games and will get students up and out of their seats to learn! \r\n\r\nI shared this concept with my students and they were so excited!  While the kits can be purchased online, they researched and presented a list of locks, toolboxes, and even asked for black lights and invisible ink to make the experience even more exciting!  They asked for these kits because they love gaming and said this would make even the toughest of subjects more fun. In addition, they said working with their friends and classmates to find clues hidden around the room would get them out of their seats and moving around.  They also asked for enough supplies for six kits so we could involve students from other classrooms.  As a teacher, I'm always looking for a great way to teach core standards that apply problem solving strategies and allow student collaboration in a real world context.  The Breakout EDU supplies my students asked for is the perfect way to merge learning and movement in the classroom!"
bf71743f5d3ceebcb4030c4823e7bb3a,Ms.,OR,2016-05-21 23:31:39,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need learning tools like iPads to access their education.,3,1,"Engaging Students with Special NeedsI teach a special education life skills class at a Title 1 school. My class is comprised of 17 students with cross-categorical disabilities (Autism, Cerebral Palsy, Communication, Developmental Delay, Intellectual Disability, Other Health Impairment, etc.). We are in need of multiple classroom iPads, but I thought I would start by requesting donations for one. \r\n\r\niPads are powerful learning tools. iPads come with assistive features that have changed the learning landscape for students with special needs. These innovative technologies allow every student to experience fun and function. Features like Guided Access, Speak Selection, Siri, Dictation, iBooks, Safari Reader, dictionary, FaceTime, Photo Booth, Camera, Word Prediction, Photos and iMovie, Voice Over, Zoom, Invert Colors, mono Audio, Closed Captions, Garage Band, and Assistive Touch. Not to mention the possibilities with apps.Donations to this project will promote student engagement through the use of technology; an iPad.\r\n\r\niPads can be used as a therapeutic devices. For children lacking motor skills, touch screens are more intuitive devices. Traditionally, computers and older technology required visual shifting between a mouse or keyboard and the screen.  With the iPad, students can watch as one of their fingers directly writes on the screen to make selections, which in turn helps improve fine motor skills. Using touch technology in devices such as the iPad seems almost natural to students with autism.\r\n\r\nFor any student, including students with disabilities, it is important to understand each individual and how differently some may learn.  With iPads, teachers can create personalized lesson plans assessing the needs of each individual. There are a vast amount of apps available for the iPad specifically tailored to special needs children.  Given the options, teachers can choose which apps best fit their teaching methods relevant to the way their students learn.\r\n\r\nThe way special needs students are learning from iPads is truly remarkable.  It is changing the way they are being taught in schools, improving aspects of their lives we couldnt have imagined.\r\n\r\nHelp my students get the most out of their educational experiences! Help me engage them in their learning!"
e9dc2883a72bd1e8f7391c2f98e771c8,Mrs.,FL,2016-09-19 18:57:27,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy","My students need tablets, protective cases (after all, they are first graders!!!) and headphones to listen to books on tape and to complete reading projects designed just for them.",1,1,"Readers on Fire!!!!!\r\nMy first graders are bright and energetic. They are eager to learn and a pleasure to be with in the classroom. They are beginning to learn  to read and to use technology. These first graders have not had a lot of exposure to reading using technology. \r\nFrom the moment they walk into the door each day, they  are eager to listen to stories and to learn how to read. My sweet first grade class consists of students with English as their second language and 65% of the class is on free/reduced lunch. \r\n\r\nThe tablets will be used for individuals or teams of students to access reading lessons to improve their reading abilities while learning to use technology in a fun and creative way.\r\n     Students will use the tablets during reading time and they read to themselves or with a partner to access books on websites such as Myon. They will be able to read books on their reading level and answer comprehension questions, work on group research projects, and work on websites that focus on improving reading skills. \r\n The headphones will allow individual students to listen to fluent readers to help improve their reading fluency.\r\n"
63e0911f8dae043544fc52cba6559817,Mrs.,CA,2017-03-21 12:53:53,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need e-Readers so we can have a wider variety of books to read without the cost of buying hard copies, including special versions for our Special Education students.",5,1,"Variety is the Spice of LiteratureMy students are primarily the children of hard working parents who are described by the media as the \""working poor.\"" Since we are trying to prepare them for jobs in the Bay Area, it is important that they learn to use the Internet and technology as a tool for both school and work, not just as entertainment.  Our school is a Title I school, which means most of the students are on Free or Reduced Price Lunch.\r\n\r\nMy students are also very kind, helpful, and a genuine delight to be around.  They don't see themselves as worthy of good things, and I want to change that. They are scholars, thinkers, and dreamers. Help me encourage them!I purchased a class set of e-Readers for my students out of my own pocket, but I need some to lend to students who need extra time with the material. This grant will allow me to buy school owned and registered tablets that can travel home with students with special needs.\r\n\r\nThese tablets will also allow me to give specially adapted books, books in the students' primary languages, as well as other supports to help them access the classics of literature. This grant is designed to help ALL students achieve at the highest levels.\r\n\r\nAny help you can provide can literally change a student's life by giving them access to the literature that our poor district cannot afford to give them."
69d7bb801e1df55e939d35a895668216,Teacher,AZ,2016-09-26 22:58:20,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy","My students need a listening library, I have one computer and just last week my one set of headphones was broken (accidentally). Follow along reading books with audio are perfect!",2,0,"Student can follow along to a story!I work in a small town in the mountains of Arizona and what I love the most is the diversity here. This small town has economically disadvantaged families due to the low paying jobs available. This is why I try not to burden parents with a long list of supplies. The kids here are full of life, they are ready to learn, and they appreciate the outdoors! My room is lacking supplies. I know no one becomes a teacher to be rich, we become teachers because we love kids and we want to make a difference in their lives. I hope to have a classroom where kids can explore, learn, create, and solve!We need a  listening library in my classroom, having one improves listening skills, imagination, critical thinking about the story, message and theme. Having one would really free me to work with small groups knowing that student in this station are learning by listening to stories as they follow along. \r\nListing to stories are a great way to improve reading levels and my  2nd students would really love to have this very important resource in their classroom and would benefit students for years to come. Many of my students have no one at home to read to them, this would give them more reading time.\r\n"
7a0335866d959a422438869435678333,Mrs.,LA,2016-11-10 16:03:43,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need 25 copies of Scholastic News, a kid-friendly, nonfiction  magazine geared towards current events.  It has on-level texts to engage students while building language arts skills.  Science and social studies knowledge is also enhanced.",2,1,"CURRENT EVENTS....ANYTIMEI work with energetic boys and girls who are eager to learn; yet, their knowledge of the outside world is minimal.  Their exposure to events and the world is limited due to social economic status.  Over 97% of my students are of African American decent and qualify for free and/or reduced lunch.  Many are latchkey kids.\r\n\r\nWe have a special time set aside weekly for current events.  This is when I have everyone's undivided attention.  They want to know what is going on around them and elsewhere.  They are interested in happenings that are taking place outside of the five mile radius of their inner- city neighborhood.With these current events focused magazines, my students will take part in literature circle, as well as, group readings.  They will be able to read independently throughout the year, also.  Text to text connections can be made with this engaging nonfiction piece.  Such appealing and inviting texts will definitely improve decoding and fluency skills.\r\n\r\nSince Title-One students are usually deficient in vocabulary,  having Scholastic News will open the door for new meaningful discussions which will build vocabulary, thus, promoting social skills by encouraging communication.  The digital edition will assist the more auditory learners in grasping a better understanding.  The text to speech audio will also help to improve reading ability for some.  Any section can serve as a springboard for writing with its many interesting topics."
1696782bb9a3ed9846e2254800685e78,Mrs.,CA,2016-08-04 14:56:16,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Gym & Fitness,My students need these sporting good equipment satisfy their P.E. requirements.  The equipment will be used to promote team sports and help students fight childhood obesity and diabetes.,5,1,"Let's Get Moving & Step It Up!!!My students come from all over the Los Angeles area.  A few years ago our school became an Environmental Studies Magnet School and parents are choosing to take their children there regardless of how far it is.  Parents want to send their kids to our school to embrace diversity. \r\n Our school is designated as a Title I school, which means the majority of the families there have low-income. The students are a mixture of ethnicity ranging from African American, Russian, Ethiopian, Filipino, Korean, Chinese, Latino, and Caucasian.I will teach them fundamental skills in each area of sport.  Yoga mats will used for calisthenics.  Jump ropes will be used for agility and warm ups.  The basketball, soccer ball, and volleyball will help me teach the fundamentals of each sport.  \r\nPlaying sports will provide valuable lessons like taking turns, working as a team, and persevering.  \r\nIn the meantime, it will provide them exercise needed to live a healthier life.  I will provide activities for them and help them live a healthy lifestyle by moving at least 30 minutes a day.  By providing these activities, I'm hoping the students will continue to exercise in the future."
dc88d6998a418365e0d37fce61481a82,Ms.,UT,2016-09-02 11:02:52,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need Learning Resources Code & Go Robot Mouse Activity Set and GoldieBlox engineering materials.,6,1,"Coding With a Mouse & Engineering With a ParachuteBubbly, excited, curious....that's how I would describe my class of 22 new first graders!  They love to learn and they love to play.  \r\n\r\nIt's been said that play is the way young children understand the world.  Let's give these first graders some \""play\"" tools to understand engineering and coding. \r\n\r\nOur school of over 800 students is fairly well funded for reading and math resources, but little money is spent on STEM resources for younger grades.  I would like to change that for my students.Who would think you could teach first graders how to code using a mouse and a maze?  Or learn engineering principles by building a zip-line or parachuting a doll around the classroom?  \r\n\r\nWith the Code & Go Robot Mouse and the GoldieBlox kits my class will be so excited they won't even realize they are learning! We will use the materials for STEM centers several times a week.  \r\n\r\nWhy not take advantage of young children's natural curiosity and give them an early start on a great future?   I can't wait to launch these young learners into the world of technology and engineering!\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n"
ce99c6aacdb1ea015f56f8afc5aa2260,Mrs.,TX,2016-08-22 00:04:00,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need a variety of flexible seating options like bubble gum chairs and wobble chairs.,4,0,"Moving and Learning Together!Our school is located in a high poverty area and over 95% of our student come from low-income families. Most students rely on hand-me-downs from siblings, free lunch at school and tend to always hope for the best. Despite their living situations, the students are always excited and ready to learn.\r\n\r\n\""Once children learn how to learn nothing is going to narrow their mind.\"" The essence of teaching is to make learning contagious. To have one idea sparks another.\"" - Marva Collins. \r\n\r\nMy students requested different seating options in order for them to have more movement while learning. My students need Bubblegum chairs to help stay focused and improve behavior during classroom instruction.  My classroom is full of very high energy students! They are always standing by there desks, walking around the room, falling out of their seats, wiggling their legs. Students would use the bubblegum chairs as their everyday classroom chairs. Students would have the ability to move and lightly bounce in their chairs. Constant moving and also requiring the students to stay balanced will increase their core strength but also help them to stay focused at the same time. By having flexible seating in the classroom, teachers are able to give students the choice as to what suits their needs at any given time. I think the bubblegum chair would be a way to make the classroom more fun and engaging. The donations to this project will greatly improve our classroom by teaching them physical skills and they will learn better throughout their school day.\r\n\r\nThis \""kid inspired\"" project will provide my students with a flexible classroom by letting them choose the kind of learning space that works best for them, and helps them to work collaboratively, communicate, and engage in critical thinking. It will give my students another option for a variety of seating, and will allow my students to experience learning in an environment that is more flexible and engaging. \""Kids need exercise just as much as they need books.\"" \r\n\r\n"
5b06a99e4a0ddd15b4687c6e8dd18cfe,Mrs.,TX,2016-09-03 23:19:45,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Music,My students need this DVD Duet Karaoke system for when they're composing their own songs in class. This would be awesome for all my music classes.,0,0,"Is It Live or Memorex !My music class is one of the best place for my music students to be themselves and tap into their creativity. My students come from across the country with stories and ideas. They are dreamers who want to make magic happens when they walk into the music class.\r\n\r\nMy students like humor. They listen too all style of music to sing as well as laugh. I have the priviledge of knowing who my students are and build the foundation for solid musical relationship going forward.When the school year ended June 2016 so did my CD/recorder/FM/Am system for my music class. It had played its last CD for good. I knew my students would need another system for the 2016-2017 school year, so I'm making a request for one. \r\n\r\nMany of my students are from Bosnia, Africa, Napali, Burma, Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, and Ethopia. For many the music class is where the magic happens---- by making musical connections.\r\n \r\n\r\nThe system would allow my students to perform their composed songs during class .  This would be a wonderful addition for all of us, and I know my students would be very  appreciative."
fa73ee2d94b2c48e49e09c62106d73dc,Mrs.,AR,2016-09-14 16:05:03,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Environmental Science",My students need a GoPro camera with re-chargeable battery pack in order to record weather and climate phenomena.,13,1,"SIMS-- Capturing Science Phenomena in ActionThe majority of my students come from a rural background.  Many are from low socio-economic backgrounds (as many as 60% or more receive free or reduced lunch, and all our students receive free breakfast).  Around 20% have modifications via a 504, RTI, or IEP plan. A few of my students have lived in foster-care, or have spent time in our local alternative school in the recent years. I also have several students who are considered gifted.\r\nDespite the limitations of our rural community, my students have big aspirations.  They want to be doctors, veterinarians, scientists, parents, teachers, astronauts, and orthodontists, and I want to give them the resources they need to reach their goals.In sixth grade science this year we are going to learn about some big, big concepts!  We'll be studying climate, weather patterns, the water cycle, pollution, and so many more things that affect our lives daily.  Because of this, I want my students to have every opportunity to study the phenomena connected with these concepts.\r\nMy students will be attempting to launch weather balloons this year, as well as keeping a weekly weather and climate log, and we need a way to record this data in real-time.  We are incredibly excited at the possibility of recording video and pictures of weather phenomena that we experience here in our region, as well as videoing our weather balloon launch."
27dcc1c54f8eaa85a450650892fdfd8e,Mrs.,NC,2016-08-02 08:57:55,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a classroom library of books that they are interested in reading and that are on a variety of reading levels so that everyone can learn to enjoy reading and become better readers!,0,1,"Classroom LibraryMy students are from East Durham, NC.  They are full of energy, fun, and looking for love. They are on a wide variety of levels, ranging from kindergarten to high school level.  They have a wide variety of interests and are a diverse group.  They are mostly living in low-income communities and face many challenges inside and outside of school.  \r\n\r\nMany of my students come into their first year of middle school excited and ready to learn, but many of them face challenges that make it difficult to learn and grow.I teach 6th grade English in a Title I school in Durham, NC.  Every year, I struggle to find and access books that my students are interested in.  Because of this, it's always a struggle to get many students to read and to grow as readers.\r\n\r\nI am trying to build a library for my classroom so that I can have books readily available for my students--ones that they are interested in. \r\n\r\nI have sixth graders on every level from kindergarten to high school, so I am trying to collect books on many levels to reach all of my students. \r\n\r\n  \r\n\r\nPlease consider helping out!"
ce3aca1472e766884016750d44211c5c,Ms.,CA,2016-12-12 11:17:45,Grades PreK-2,"Math & Science, Music & The Arts","Environmental Science, Visual Arts","My students need chenille stems, borax, stencils, rubbing plates, and various craft papers.",165,1,"Learning Through Arts and CraftsMy students love to learn. Their loving families send them to school every day ready to collaborate, make mistakes, have fun, and work hard.  Most of the students at our school qualify for the free lunch program, so their families cannot support the school financially.  \r\n\r\nI want to provide my students with meaningful, hands-on learning.  Since many students are English Language Learners, they must both master academic content and a new language.  This means it is critical that every moment of the day supports deep conversations and academic language as well as content standards.I am requesting a variety of craft materials that will enable my students to engage in hands-on, interactive learning projects.  The Borax and chenille stems will enhance our study of the phases of matter - we will be able to make a supersaturated solution and precipitate out solid crystals.  The snowflake stencils and plates will let students further study the states of matter while also exploring shapes and patterns.  The insects, tree bark paper, and botanical cut outs will enrich our study of biomes and food webs and let students create their own habitat displays.  Weaving mats support fine motor development, a key early learning skill for Kindergartners, and people mobiles and stained class lanterns will let us complete some fun projects as part of our Social Studies curriculum.\r\n\r\nWhen young learners engage in the arts, they have the opportunity to explore and learn in an environment where mistakes are new opportunities, creativity is key, and all children can be successful.  These experiences build the resilience and habits of mind my students need to be lifelong learners from Kindergarten to college (and beyond)!"
188e87dedb4f162103fe2bac653556a6,Mr.,NY,2017-01-10 18:45:54,Grades 9-12,"Math & Science, Applied Learning","Applied Sciences, Extracurricular",My students need the tools to realize their dreams of becoming a competitive robotics team at the national level.,0,0,"Robots Need Love Too: Help Inner City Students Compete NationallyDuring the FIRST Robotics \""build season, my dedicated and talented students spend over 275 hours in the Robotics Lab, above and beyond their already-challenging school day. They build every aspect of the robot themselves, including meticulously machining all its parts in-house in our Robotics Lab.\r\n\r\nOur Robotics team members are a very ethnically and socioeconomically diverse group of students, commuting from all boroughs of New York City for the unique opportunities available to them at our school.\r\n\r\nThey come into the Lab every day brimming with ideas and tremendously excited to set to work problem-solving, building, and programming. They are highly motivated and greatly enjoy honing their technical skills through the hands-on educational opportunities afforded by our Robotics program and the Annual FIRST Robotics Challenge.FIRST Robotics Team 334 is a burgeoning team full of diverse youths and mentors. Over the last couple of years we have started to excel and place higher in competitions, becoming one of the strongest teams at the regional event.\r\n\r\nMuch like our team, our robot this year has elevated aspirations.\r\n\r\nPart of the challenge this year is for our robot to hoist it's 120 lb. frame up a 6-foot rope. The different ropes we are ordering will allow us to test different climbing mechanics, and find the fastest way to the top!\r\n\r\nThe Button making kit helps us promote our team to garner future sponsorship. Many of the teams competing at the national level are sponsored by companies like Boeing, 3M, even NASA! Distributing buttons at competition is a great way to spread the word about robotics, but it also helps us connect with other teams of talented students around the country.\r\n\r\nThe electronic components we are ordering will protect our students from injury, and help them put together the complex electronic system to power our bot through this year's competition. \r\n\r\nNavigating the competition field requires a complex sensor system used by our robot to implement computer vision. This is one of the most integrated parts of the robot because it combines the mechanical, electrical, and software components. The 360 Degree Laser Scanner is a top of the line high speed laser triangulation vision system that will take our autonomous navigation to the next level.\r\n\r\nWhether by providing them with more resources or giving them the tools needed to succeed, this project is tailored to our students' needs. Your contribution could help us become one of the best teams in the nation, but more importantly provide these awe inspiring students with an unforgettable experience."
77ca9cfc01a76d98950fc7effccae24b,Mr.,DC,2016-11-28 23:22:20,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Mathematics",My students need 3 Chromebooks for a small group blended learning center.,0,1,"Blended Learning MattersMy students are scholars! They are full of life and very creative  group. I have 23 very unique students. These scholars are very resourceful and work very hard for everything they have. They know where they come from, and understand what they need to do to succeed. \\\r\nOur school is a Title I school with 99% of our students receiving free lunch. We are a blended learning school, however we are lacking the resources to fully implement the model.The students will be excited about being able to take these laptops and headphones to different sections of the room and work on their science or math projects. They will be able to submit their work through the Google Docs, and have more people be able to review and critique their work. Also by having our own class computers we will be able to further their success with different blended learning programs. \r\nThe donations will help my class run smoother. The students will have more time to work on their projects and feel less rushed. I believe that the quality of work will improve because they will have more time with the technology. The headphones will decrease the noise from the computers and allow students to work on programs throughout the day. My students will be able to work towards their dreams with these computers."
f52d5d9c9ec500e9be33117732985d11,Mrs.,SC,2016-08-09 17:16:13,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need four stability ball chairs to utilize during their math class to help with their busy bodies!,1,0,"Stationary Movement!!My classroom is a busy, active place. My classroom is filled with children who yearn to learn and to find a reason behind the material. My students are actively engaged and consistently working in groups on purposeful projects. My classroom is eventful, demanding, and safe.\r\n\r\nI have students who are borderline homeless, while others are living in the lap of luxury. However, there is one thing that all of my students have in common: that is, they want to be accepted and challenged. Many of my students, due to the classes that I teach, are filled with active children who struggle to stay on task. The students in my room seek to find a way to positively output their energy. My students are engaged and excited about learning, but they all seem to struggle with staying focused for long periods of time.The materials I am requesting are to help my active students have something to keep them busy. I hope that these stools and balls are able to help my students focus, while staying active. My students have had a small introduction to a yoga ball and have had great success with utilizing the yoga ball in the proper way within the classroom. I have found that the students are eager to sit on the ball to keep their bodies busy while their minds are focused on the curriculum. With testing at the forefront of education right now, the last thing that these students are allowed to do is to have the luxury of recess or extra play time outside. Through these stationary active seats, I hope to help students release the energy all while being actively engaged in the activities in the classroom. With these Hokki stools and ball chairs in the classroom, my students will learn to multitask and to find appropriate ways to deal with their fidgeting tenancies.\r\n\r\nThe students who struggle to stay focused because they are constantly moving or finding something to keep busy with, will finally have a way to stay busy while being stationary. A busy body will create a focused mind."
094ad1330febf6ead0bab3d09f9a7b63,Ms.,NY,2016-10-27 22:19:53,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need a charging dock station and compatible USB cords to charge our classroom tablets simultaneously!,20,1,"We Want To Be In Charge!Students in my class come with a wide range of abilities, interests, and needs. In our integrated classroom, we have respect and understanding that each individual is different, yet equally important. \r\n\r\nMy students understand that in our class, everyone gets what they need to be successful. \r\n\r\nOne common goal we all share is motivation for learning in a fun, comfortable, and engaging classroom environment.  With this, we are able to meet the needs of all the different learners at the same time.Technology is woven into just about every aspect of our everyday lives. It is how we work, play, learn, communicate, shop, share information, and so much more. The importance of integrating technology in the classroom just makes sense and the use of technology in the classroom has been changing the experience of education.  \r\nSchools today have the opportunity to integrate mobile devices like the iPad in the classroom to open up a whole new world of engagement, learning, and collaboration. As a special education teacher in an integrated co-teaching classroom, I was fortunate enough to receive 5 classroom iPads to use with my students.  My students absolutely love learning and working with the iPads, which are used daily in many different ways, across all different content areas.  Unfortunately, our classroom lacks adequate space and outlet areas! Charging the iPads on a daily basic becomes a challenge and the students are suffering.  Students are constantly complaining that their iPads are low on battery, and or have completely shut off! This 7-Port USB charger will allow my students to charge all the iPads simultaneously and quickly! If this project was funded we will be able to keep our devices charged and organized so theyre ready when we need them!"
bf4e1e989000254e2511f40e75d7f845,Mrs.,CA,2016-10-18 01:34:17,Grades PreK-2,"Health & Sports, Literacy & Language","Health & Wellness, Literacy",My students need flexible seating options to create a maximized learning experience.,2,1,"Movin' and Groovin' in Kindergarten!\""I am a risk taker and a mess maker. \r\nI am a confident doer of exciting things.\r\nI am not built for desk sitting.\r\nMy busy brain craves action and novelty.\r\nI am an observant seeker of adventure.\r\nI need play, movement and exploration.\r\nI AM IN KINDERGARTEN!\""\r\n\r\nMy Kindergartners are truly dynamic kids; full of curiosity, intelligence and wonder! We are excited to learn in new and exciting ways through song, story, play and exploration. We are an extremely loving group of kids, eager to show our knowledge and expand on new horizons. We are \""The Watkins Warriors\"" and take pride in who we are by honoring others with respect, understanding and team work.Busy, busy brains require busy, busy bodies! My Kindergarten students would greatly benefit from having these flexible seating options.  Hooki Stools would maximize their learning time, all while improving their posture and giving them an outlet to move during our seat work time. \r\n\r\nImagine this... a reading center where students can also simulate a bike riding experience! Pedaling with the InStride Folding Cycles will give them an opportunity to improve on their gross motor skills, all while refreshing their minds as they prepare to decode and develop a love for reading.\r\n\r\nThe Kindergarten Standards have changed since you and I were kids. Despite the level of rigor of what we teach and what we expect of our students, Learning should be FUN! Learning should be full of WONDER and EXCITEMENT! Learning happens when we think outside the box and make new adaptations to our environment. Thank you for helping make a difference in the lives of my Kindergartners!\r\n"
7cddcf5b054f4e5c11bdb951992c677e,Mrs.,CA,2016-12-22 22:29:39,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Music & The Arts","Mathematics, Visual Arts","My students need a Melissa & Doug Tabletop Puppet Theater, Melissa & Doug Palace Pals Hand Puppets, Melissa & Doug Farm Friends Hand Puppets, and Creativity Street Canvas Hand Puppets to reinforce concepts learned through drama.",36,1,"A Puppet Theater, Puppets, Math, and Dramatic PlayThe moment my students walk through my classroom door, they are ready to get to work.  I say, \""Are you ready to rock?\"" and they respond with, \""Ready to roll!!!\"" I expect nothing but the best from them, hence I strive to provide the best teacher and classroom environment I can possibly give.\r\n\r\nMy school serves Latino, Polynesian, and African-American students who live in deep poverty.  These are amazing students, full of life and character, who deserve nothing but the best. Most live in unfortunate situations at home, therefore the classroom must be anything but unfortunate. I strive to make sure my students have all that they need to be successful in their academics.It has been proven that when incorporating the arts into the classroom, such as dramatic play, students thrive. Drama, music,  sketching, painting, scrapbooking. . .students learn in such creative ways, having so much fun \""playing\"" that they don't even know they are learning. Art: it's what one does to really teach.\r\n\r\nThe students will use dramatic play to reinforce the skills they are learning in class: from math to science to history. They will do what I call learning through act-it-out rehearsal as they put on a show using puppets and a puppet theater where the puppets will talk about how to solve a math problem or multiplying by powers of ten or put on a show that reenacts the Boston Tea Party. They will not only be reinforcing what they have learned but teaching their peers as well (if you can teach it then you have really learned it). Furthermore, the majority of my students are English language learners so this dramatic play will also give them the opportunity to practice not only conversational English but the much needed academic language and vocabulary that is most necessary in mastering content-specific areas such as math, science, and history. \r\n\r\nThrough the purchase of these materials, we will have a puppet theater, ready made hand puppets, and hand puppets that each child can create and bring to life, adding a personal touch to their puppet. Who says dramatic play using puppets and a puppet theater is for little kids? It is just as appropriate for fifth graders and beyond as it is for primary grades."
7f8d563728b9504c8d32e956a2330373,Mr.,CA,2017-02-03 12:26:09,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need a set of all of the Greek plays to add to our classroom library for students to checkout and supplement what we read in class.,24,1,"Classic Reading: Help Us Build Our Class Library!I have the privilege of teaching the most genuine young men and women I have ever known. These are some of the best people I have ever met and I am so proud of who they are all becoming. The majority of my students are college-bound seniors who are engaged in school, but often times, are not challenged enough. That's where I come in. I push my kids with college-level material and projects. They are always up to the challenge. These students seem to come alive when literature is read, but we simply don't have enough resources at our school to expose them to life-changing readings.What if a book could change your entire view of the world? What if a book could change your entire life? All of the books provided by this project are those kinds of books. Students have worn out my old copies of the Greek tragedies and I'd love to have all of the Greek tragedies that were ever written to give to my students. They're begging for these books! I've got a waiting list in line to read them! I chose durable hardcover where possible so that these books would last a lifetime of reading from my students. These books will be used to help build our classroom independent reading library and for general research projects.\r\n\r\nI have built into my class activities that encourages students to read independently, with the ultimate goal of falling in love with reading and becoming a lifelong reader on their own.\r\n\r\nThroughout the week and the semester, students can choose from books in my classroom to do independent reading projects on. The books in this project are a few carefully selected books that I believe will benefit the lives of my students. I have chosen them to personally recommend to students. \r\n\r\nEven though these ancient plays are separated from our time period by millenniums, they still still speak to our generation which is searching for truth, for the comforts of home, for our true identity, for our family.\r\n\r\nI hope you will join my efforts to help my students understand and appreciate classic literature. I appreciate your consideration and support! Thank you!"
5d66bda1aca29422b2585cae283b4b1e,Ms.,DE,2016-08-02 00:03:51,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need comfortable seating choices to inspire creativity and encourage movement within the classroom.,1,1,"Healthy Bodies = Healthy Minds! Flexible Seating to Inspire CreativityMy fourth graders are independent, resilient, moon shot thinking learners who I believe will make a positive difference in this world! They are always full of grand ideas!\r\nMy students come from all different backgrounds and experiences with 100% of students receiving free breakfast and lunch. They refuse to let their circumstances define who they are or who they will become. Zip code should not determine success.\r\nThey love learning and always persevere. Basically, they are greatness in the making!\r\nMy students can not create projects and do their best thinking by sitting still all day in the same spot (and hard chairs!). I've slowly have been bringing in flexible seating throughout the years, such as an arm chair, director's chair, and big pillow. I've also replaced most of my student desks with tables so they can work collaboratively. I allow them to move around and work wherever they choose. They almost never sit in a \""regular\"" chair unless they have too. I've noticed an improvement in attention and creativity, but I do not have enough flexible seating choices for all of my students. Research has shown that flexible seating in the classroom leads to healthier kids. \r\nThe new furniture will provide my students with choices around the room to move about and be comfortable. The standing desks will give students the opportunity to work productively while standing and not limit them to always sitting. If they do, however, choose to sit, they can use the ball chairs to bounce and move while working."
e55ff7844747a41e412fd2b38266f729,Mrs.,TX,2017-04-25 10:58:03,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need these items during the school day to support reading engagement. Research shows that students also need the opportunity to also choose  their own seating to help stay focused and engaged throughout the day.,0,0,"Mrs. Wright's Reading RoomJean E. Stewart is a Pre-K - 6th grade campus Located in Montgomery, Texas. Our first grade class is made up of 18 students. There are 11 girls and 7 boys in our class. Our class is made up of students that are gifted and talented and ESL. Some of our daily activities include word study, daily five, silent sustained reading, writing workshop, math workshop, math review, project based learning, vocabulary development, STEM activities (pictured) and multiple opportunities to use technology including google drive, prodigy, I movie and I Pad apps. \r\nWe are asking for a variety of flexible seating materials. These materials will make a big difference in our learning. \r\nSome of the benefits of flexible seating include burning more calories, using up excess energy, improving metabolism, increased motivation and engagement, creating a better oxygen flow to the brain, and improving core strength and overall posture. It's no surprise that physical activity is linked to higher academic performance, better health, and improved behavior. \r\nOverall students will want to come to school more and be more engaged in reading and learning throughout the day. Thank you for your generosity and support!"
5d5babd45c2f298b25f9c83296b524db,Mrs.,SC,2016-12-07 10:09:14,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need an OSMO Genius Kit and 2 OSMO Coding kits.,1,1,"OSMO is a WIN-WIN Learning Game System!My students are very tactile learners. This means they learn best while using their hands as well as their minds.  Because we are a Title 1 school, more than half my students are on free or reduced lunch.  In addition, we have a fairly high turnover of students. This makes it hard to assess and work with students in a small group setting very often.  Each child needs and deserves individual attention as often as possible!\r\nStudents are learning through technology younger and younger these days, and need opportunities that interest and excite them to learn.We were recently lucky enough to be funded for our first OSMO system. Since then, we have realized the true potential of this learning system and would like another one, along with the coding kits, so we can maximize the learning in our classroom!  The learning system includes word work--spelling, reading, etc, as well as math work.  With 2 systems, our class could be using both at the same time, either on one subject, or on different subjects in order to better give each student what they really need.  The coding systems will be good for logic and problem solving activities.  \r\nStudents learn in a fast-paced, hands-on way with the OSMO system, and it's fabulous to see them so excited!\r\n"
1ee0a12eeb5da1c2fb438c682c8177dc,Mrs.,GA,2017-03-02 16:57:41,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need to be challenged using technology so that they will be better prepared to work in our technological world. Osmos will be a great tool for my students to grow.,2,1,"Create - Evaluate - CelebrateCREATE - EVALUATE - CELEBRATE!!!!\r\nEach child deserves to be free to create, evaluate and celebrate something they have done on their own through experimenting with technology.  My students are no different and they are always up for a challenge.\r\n\r\nMy school is located in a high poverty area and we are a Title 1 school. I need a little help in teaching my students to believe they can succeed. My students would live at school if we let them because they feel successful there. I want to give them every possible chance at learning in today's world.\r\nOsmo states that it enables the iPad to merge the power of physical play with the digital advantages of real-time feedback. Playing beyond the screen invites students to collaborate on tables or floors while manipulating tangible game pieces such as number tiles, letter tiles, and coding blocks. \r\n\r\nMany of my students do not have computers in their homes, and some do not have access to cell phones. Having Osmo technological activities in the classroom will help all of my students to  achieve by seeing what they can do right in front of their eyes.  \r\n\r\nOsmo has a unique coding component and my students need a jump start on learning to code so that they will be ready for it in kindergarten. The visual arts activities will also bring out the artistic talents of the students which could become a love for drawing and creating. Osmo will change the lives of my Pre-K students while they have fun learning.\r\n\r\nOur financial limitations do not define us and those limitations will not keep us from creating, evaluating and celebrating, but a little help goes a long way."
3372c8872478600bd0b7c4ec621386a3,Ms.,IN,2016-11-22 11:04:33,Grades PreK-2,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Mathematics, Special Needs",My students need a class set of Addition Wrap-Ups and an Addition Wrap-Ups Rap CD.,92,1,"Wrapping Up Our Addition Facts!Why sit at a desk, when you can be learning all over the room?  I teach at a high-need, public, Title I school in a wonderful neighborhood school in the Midwest.  My students love to learn through doing and are always eager to try something new!\r\n\r\nMy students are toad-ally frogtastic!  My students love STEM and reading nonfiction books.  Recently we've be diving into the ocean and learning more about the amazing creatures that live in the Great Barrier Reef.My students have really excelled with our subtraction facts thanks to our Subtraction Wrap-Ups and Subtraction Wrap-Ups Rap CD.  My students have excelled farther than they ever had before thanks to these Wrap-Ups!    This is why I would like to see the same success made possible for my kiddos with the Addition Wrap-Ups.\r\n\r\nMastering our facts should be fun!   This difficult task is made  simple with an upbeat song and each student using their own Wrap-Up in conjunction with it.  The Addition Wrap-Up song matches the \""keys\"" which the student use to wrap a nylon string around which matches up an addition problem with the answer.  I plan on using these Addition Wrap-Ups every day as a part of our math warm-up time, this is a time at the beginning of our normal math time where we take a few minutes to practice important/core math skills."
2e46f2cec356af51698b684ffe1cd471,Mrs.,NY,2016-12-13 21:24:12,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a Magna-Tiles manipulative set and a Learning to Get Along Picture set of books.,76,1,"Fabulously Fun in Pre-K!Our Pre-K classroom is filled with laughter and learning each and every day. Many come from single parent homes and all of the children are receiving free breakfast and lunch each day. For many of these children, school is their safe-haven and I want to give them the best that I can.\r\n\r\nMy children are 3 and 4 years old and in school for the very first time.\r\nOur day is filled with many activities. We are reading, coloring, singing, playing, and moving all day long. My children are energetic and eager to learn all that they can!The Magna-Tile set will provide my children with lots of hands-on opportunities to build and explore.  It will also help to reinforce shapes and colors and will help spark their wonderful imaginations as well.  \r\n\r\nFrom resolving conflicts & sharing to being kind & polite, these engaging books teach children the skills they need to get along with others! This collection includes 8 books that will be a wonderful addition to our classroom library and will lend themselves to wonderful conversations within our classroom.\r\n\r\nWon't you please help provide some simple but fun resources to an AMAZING group of little learners?!"
6f8503368e59b5b1130be3e2d61479dd,Mrs.,GA,2016-09-29 15:29:09,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need to find the \""why \"" and \""how\"" on their own!",1,0,"I Can do it Myself!We are a small school which houses a diverse group of students from various backgrounds, and speak various languages.  They all have one thing in common; THE DESIRE TO LEARN!  The differences provide a wonderful learning environment,and, with modern technology and material support, there is no stopping their growth potential.\r\n\r\n   My wonderful group of first graders are like sponges, absorbing all the fascinating and interesting things around them. \r\n\r\n  Each day the students enter the classroom with and smile on their face, and it is my job to make sure it stays there.  Creating a challenging learning environment will do that and so much more!These materials will allow individual or small groups to explore the mysteries of the questions why and how!  They will be able to proceed at their own pace and explore the questions asked and further their learning process.\r\n\r\nSome children work well together and some prefer to work alone.  \r\n\r\nThese materials will accommodate the needs of each child.  They will experience the thrill of self exploration to gain the information and \""know how\"" on their own.\r\n\r\nConfidence is a key factor in learning.  These tools will help promote this feeling in each child. Once learned, it is not readily forgotten.\r\n\r\n"
b9858f9c96f8ba31e04a740b470994fc,Ms.,CA,2016-09-01 14:37:38,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need a class set of scientific calculators to help them analyze their data from engaging labs and practice calculating physics quantities in class.,5,1,"C U L8R, calculator!I teach in a high-need high school deep in the inner-city. Most of my students come from low-income families and many are English language learners who have been in the country less than two years. They have vastly different home backgrounds. My students are sophomores, juniors, and seniors at the school.\r\n\r\nDespite all their differences, my students are curious and excited to learn together.  They love performing labs and gathering data about the physical world around them. The highlight of my day is when I hear a student say, \""Whoa, really? That's so cool!\""Having a class set of calculators will help my students analyze data from engaging labs and help them practice calculating key physics quantities as we progress through the class. Calculating your average speed during a physics triathlon? Determining the launch distance for a flying ping pong ball? Wondering about the escape velocity on the moon? You need a calculator for that!\r\n\r\nMany of my students cannot afford quality calculators and are embarrassed to borrow calculators from their friends. Sometimes on tests, they leave their calculations without a final answer because they don't have a calculator. With a class set, we could level the playing field and every student can see the results of their work!"
1f0f44c23cdd7cabe94426c19da62dbf,Ms.,SC,2016-11-20 17:30:13,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need the opportunity to be able to wiggle and move while completing school work at their desk!,1,0,"Let Them Wobble, Let Them Wobble, So They Can Work!Kindergarten is a building foundation for a child's educational journey! As an educator, I believe it is important to get children excited about learning. The best way to do this is to make sure students have resources they connect with and find exciting within the classroom!\r\nI believe each student needs to feel comfortable in the classroom to be able to transform from a caterpillar into a gorgeous butterfly! I love getting my students excited for learning each and every day. I want each child to walk through my classroom doors excited for what the day holds! My classroom is filled with 20 smiling faces! I have a diverse group of students, and I am excited to help my students connect with one another and their world through our classroom explorations! \r\nHey there sweet donors. I am wanting to provide my students with wobble chairs so that they are able to get their wiggles out while completing their school work! As a kindergarten teacher, I have some students who have never been in a classroom setting before. Standards have changed, and students in kindergarten are spending more and more time sitting at their desk completing work! This is a big deal for tiny humans.\r\nMy kindergartners are full of energy, and I can't count how many times I've had a student fall out of their chair because they're wiggling around. These chairs would allow me to provide my students with a safe alternative than traditional desk chair I have the sweetest bunch of kiddos, but sitting still isn't easy for them. These chairs would allow my students to focus on their work since they won't be forced to sit still in a desk.\r\nI know these chairs will make a big difference in my classroom, and help my students become more successful with their learning. However, I can't do this without your help!"
a829aa818df40f4b6f3b7306fe3dfdc7,Mrs.,UT,2016-10-15 14:19:56,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Team Sports","My students need playground equipment. Our fourth graders are out of playground equipment. They would like to participate in their free time in structured games like, basketball, soccer, wall ball.",3,0,"Help Us SportAs a 4th grade teacher, I am thrilled to be able to work with all of the 4th grade students in the school. In the 4th grade, TEAM is everything and we make sure everyone has an opportunity to feel part of the TEAM. \r\nOur 4th grade students are full of excitement and energy. They like to be involved in learning. They love utilizing technology in the process, because they are children of the future. They want learning activities that involve collaboration and movement. They are willing and ready to try anything we challenge them to do. \r\nFourth graders can participate in sports to learn a variety of life long skills. Sports help students find a love of exercise. Sports can help students learn social skills and working together as a team. The fourth graders in my class are lacking the equipment needed to participate in these excellent opportunities. Without the proper equipment, students sometimes involve themselves in unpleasant activities like bullying or fighting. Keeping their minds and bodies focused on positive things helps to keep them motivated to do well in academic areas. Help us to participate in activities that we can use throughout our lifetimes."
e750b59f4b1fc93cf262a9b2ee8a829e,Ms.,UT,2016-05-06 09:42:23,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Music,My students need rhythm instruments for our classroom.,1,1,"Magic in Making MusicMy class loves to spend time every day singing.  We sing songs to help us learn and remember important concepts.  We also are learning and performing popular positive songs to build confidence and self esteem.Our class is full of energy and excitement.  The students love to express themselves and explore while creating their own movements to songs we have learned. Their favorite songs to sing are \""The Cat Came Back\"" and \""Roar\"" both songs they know all the lyrics by heart.Students will use instruments to express themselves and tell stories.  They will practice listening, sequencing, finding rhythm, and many other skills. Imagine all of the students sitting in a circle and working together to tell a story or create a piece of music.This will give students a chance to express themselves while creating  music in a group setting promoting a wonderful socialization experience and helping the students feel a sense of belonging.  It can help shy students pull out of their shells and calm boisterous personalities.  \r\n\r\nMusic is a vital part of childrens lives, and when they can make music themselves, it is immensely satisfying for them. Rhythm instrument activities are a wonderful way to share the joy and excitement of music."
862ddc5b250ab56e12ece443cdb35885,Mrs.,IN,2016-04-30 12:14:41,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need a rug to use as a place to enjoy reading, learning, and building community.",0,1,"Classroom Rug\""The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do.\"" -Kobe Bryant, athlete. Having a rug will provide an area in which students will be inspired to be great readers. Being great readers will help them be great in whatever they choose to do.My students are full of energy and desire to learn and grow. They come each day and give their best effort. Our school is located in a high poverty area, so their parents are working hard  just to make ends meet. Therefore, many of my students do not have access to reading materials or the time to just read or be read to for enjoyment. This means that most of my students come reading below grade level. As a staff, we work very hard to build a community of learners, so that our students can feel safe and secure in their ability and are encouraged and supported as they work to improve their reading ability.This rug will be located near the classroom library and will be the location of whole group reading instruction, class meetings, and independent or partner reading. We start our day with class meetings. Building community gives students an opportunity to share with one another and know that they are important members of the class. During reading, I would have students come to the rug so they are not distracted by other things in their desks. Later during reading centers, students can read self-selected texts on the rug independently or with a partner. By eliminating distractions that can sometimes live in desks and providing a place where students like to read, they will become better readers. The more students read, the better their vocabulary and comprehension.A rug in the library area will make my classroom more inviting and encourage students to read more. It will also provide alternative seating during instruction so students are more focused. Combined, these two opportunities will help support students as they strive to meet their reading goals."
dba790bd270da3d34988dacec139284d,Mr.,AL,2016-09-29 12:53:41,Grades 9-12,"Applied Learning, Music & The Arts","College & Career Prep, Visual Arts",My students need tools that will allow them to see what can be accomplished through the use of technology in the art field.,0,0,"Art TechnologiesMy students often learn without the latest and greatest educational material. The majority of learning materials are acquired through grants and through second-hand means. Our students are worthy of the greatest learning material available!\r\nMany of my students have lofty goals of succeeding in life, but lack the technological, academic, and social skills to fulfill those goals.  This is an area where we need more help in producing more competitive and competent workforce personnel. The majority of our students may live in poverty, but that does not mean that they should learn with less than the best material and technology. \r\nIt is a personal goal that my students experience what more well-to-do schools and students have. My students need to be more competitive in the realm of using technology instead of just using pencil, pen, and paper. The present and future of work and learning depends heavily on technology. Being poor should not be an excuse for becoming successful.It is evident that we are all migrating to a more technologically integrated society. Unfortunately, it seems that our education system in rural areas have difficulty keeping up. Furthermore, many of our students lack the knowledge base and understanding of the vast uses for technology.\r\nIn our simulated workplace, my student leaders/supervisors will be trained on how to utilize the iPad technology when collaborating and assisting their coworkers/classmates. This will enhance their leadership experiences as well as enhance the learning experiences of all students. Imagine student leaders assisting their classmates by having a picture from the internet displayed on the split screen while drawing examples on the other half of the split screen. Learning, collaboration, and leadership will be the driving force for educational excellence in art."
386de0757a03fbc5515da9f2eeb87b22,Mr.,ID,2016-11-02 16:47:22,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Applied Learning","Applied Sciences, College & Career Prep",My students need a 3D printer to help create the final products of their design and modeling prototypes.,0,1,"Design and Modeling in 3DDesign and Modeling is a class designed to expand my students mind and engineering skills. We are a mixed group as far as demographics are concerned but that does not stop us from challenging ourselves and each other.\r\n\r\nWe are inspired to learn and grow. No matter our backgrounds, we all share the common goal and outcome of wanting to expand our engineering background. Design and Modeling gives everyone the opportunity to be an engineer and to test the growing profession. Our students push themselves and each other to be the best future engineers that they can be.Students spend the quarter learing the background of design and modeling. Students start with a quick sketch of an object near them and end with a CAD design of a therapeutic toy designed to aid a therapist working with young cerebral palsy.  Students using a 3D printer will be able to go beyond just building prototypes of their therapy toys, students will be given the opportunity to create a final product.  \r\n\r\nDonations to this project will help students complete their projects, giving them a final product not just a prototype.  \r\nThis additional technology will be able to help students in the future when we broaden our class to include robotics and mechanics."
5ce9735a61b4ab5a9374b5ca639c5a80,Ms.,MO,2016-08-23 12:31:55,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need more options to be physically engaged throughout the entire day. These Hokki Stools and FitPro Balls will greatly improve the daily lives of my students by allowing movement while learning!,0,1,"Learning With Movement!My students begin each day doing yoga to calm their bodies and minds. They also take part in many active brain breaks throughout the day. I would love for them to be able to utilize movement during independent and small group work to help hone their focus while engaging their bodies.\r\n\r\nMy students work and learn in a Title 1 school.\r\nAll of my students are given free breakfast and lunch as well as many other basics they would otherwise go without. We have worked hard to build a classroom community where my kiddos feel safe, loved, and respected. For most of them, their time in our room is the most one-on-one attention and positive peer interaction that they get. They have become accustomed to adapting to their surroundings for better or worse. I believe that it is my job to adapt our classroom to best fit them in order to support their needs and various learning styles.Although we are a very \""up and moving\"" classroom, we still have times when it is necessary for students to be in their own space. When we are working independently, my students currently have three options: sit in their chair, stand at their table, or lay their bellies on the tile floor. With the addition of Wobble Chairs and FitPro Balls my students will have access to developmentally appropriate options to accommodate their needs and enhance their learning. These new flexible seating options will engage my students bodies so that they can focus their minds.\r\n\r\nResearch shows that the best instruction engages students intellectually, emotionally, and physically.\r\nThese donations will provide my students with more options to be physically engaged throughout the entire day. These donations will greatly improve the daily lives of my students by providing them with the opportunity to take ownership of their learning. They will be able to try new things and decide what works best for them."
dc03a21c6ca45954c5711318c06342b1,Mrs.,IL,2016-08-24 13:53:58,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need tens frame counting set, sequencing puzzles, a timer, manipulative counting keys and some pockets charts for visual learning.",22,1,"Preschool Learns through MathMy students are young creative minds ready to explore the world.  Although many of my students struggle with unstable homes and come from low income families, when they enter my classroom their faces light up with excitement of the possibilities to explore. The resources available in the homes are limited.  I like to provide the best resources for my students that allow them to role play.\r\nMy preschool students get excited when given the opportunity to explore math and literacy with manipulatives.I want to provide a love for math to my preschoolers.  Math always seems to be complicated for young students, but providing fun manipulatives that allow learning is an easy way for young students to grasp math concepts.  Students become engaged in fun play they don't even realize they are learning new concepts.\r\nLearning through play is a stress-free opportunity for students to gain better understanding of math concepts.  Help me provide small group learning math concepts to preschool students. Think about the endless opportunities young children will have to problem solve through the world of play in the math center."
6cafdcff7df526d332c691f5c0715528,Mrs.,IN,2017-01-03 13:59:36,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need to have a good night sleep and a full stomach. I buy them every week fruit and offer them in the winter months hot chocolate, warm and cold cereal and hot tea.",4,0,"Practice = ConfidenceI am honored to teach this group of inner city scholars a level of math internationally recognized by the International Baccalaureate Program. Our population of scholars vary in level of math background, as well as family social,  educational, and economical background. \r\nOur school welcomes all scholars and embraces them in a path to becoming active, compassionate, life long learners no matter past history of the scholar.  Our scholars who enter our doors not necessarily come prepared with the needed skills to succeed but with the hunger and drive to become knowledgable and in that way help out their community.Practice = Confidence is the sign I have in my classroom wall. My students do not have the opportunity to practice at home the math skills learned in class, so I provide during the school day the time to practice using different venues, such as the individual white boards, the big white boards, paper and pen. With these materials that will be funded and the microwave and the fresh ingredients I provide, these students will have the stamina to keep practicing to build their confidence in math. \r\nSo many times, I have had students who are lethargic and without energy to perform in class and I have kept my students focussed by providing them the nutrients necessary for them to focus. \r\nWith the winter months upon us, it is imperative to me for them to provide warmth, besides my personality."
cab2d10184a0281bf76b602afa58e81b,Mr.,OH,2016-08-26 10:42:17,Grades 9-12,"History & Civics, Special Needs","History & Geography, Special Needs","My students need a smart board to learn  in the 21st century. In addition, a printer for our needs withing the classroom would definitely help with projects, tests, and flyers.",0,0,"Smart Board for Smart StudentsI teach in a suburban school in Mogadore, Ohio. It has approximately 3,200 people. It is a very small town comprising 3x3 square miles. It's social economic status is middle/lower class. I've had students that have not only been homeless, but also without anything to eat. A porportion of our student population is open enrolled, which leads to a status which is very diverse. Overall, the students are great and want to learn. I love this district and all the learners that it comprises. With a smart board, I can take my instruction to a new level! The ability to manipulate my classroom and flip the classroom would provide the ultimate learning experience!I will incorporate the smart board into by current teaching strategies and modern lesson plans. It will provide me with a hands on interactive classroom to engage the students' learning. I will not only be able to flip the classroom, but provide students with an educational atmosphere that is not only informative, but entertaining and up to date with today's modern technology. \r\n     Thus, with a new  smart board, students not  only will be motivated through \""hands on activities,\"" but will become actively engaged in the classroom. It will provide them with an alternative way to learn material. From practices quizzes as a class, to 3 dimensional charts, graphs, and maps, the visual look will not only appeal to their eyes, but focus their attention in which will benefit the learning process."
b357af898fe06944813be328a2e1335a,Mr.,NY,2016-08-12 09:05:20,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need a computer monitor for math class exploration and engagement.,96,1,"Computer Monitor for Math ClassToday's students require imagination, creativity, and engagement in their learning. They are tech savvy and comfortable with technology. This is often an untapped resource which I am trying to reach.  My students are amazing.  They are strong, vigilant, resourceful, and full of life. But they reside in the poorest congressional district in the entire country. They do not use this as an excuse. They come to school everyday yearning to learn. They know that education is their ticket to prosperity.Almost all of my donorschoose projects have been technology related. I am building a small technology center in my classroom. This will allow students to explore and discover. They will use technology to bridge their textbook learning. I currently have an extra old PC with no monitor. A new monitor will allow me to put the computer to use. Students can use online resources to complement their academics. Engaging them through technology is the best manner to reach them. They will learn when the material is relevant to their lives.   My students learn best when they are engaged.  A new monitor will allow me to utilize an extra spare PC in the classroom. They can then use internet resources to complement their textbook learning. They will learn when they are engaged."
f2acb07b0694fbce9392e03d1bfd1e71,Mrs.,AZ,2016-11-05 14:42:14,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need a reliable sharpener to match their hard working minds!,6,1,"Keeping A Fine Point to Maintain Our Sharp Minds!My students come to school with smiles on their faces ready and willing to learn. My 3rd graders live in a lower socioeconomic community and attend a Title I school. Often, the students don't have the resources at home to promote their educational minds. Being an educator allows me to bridge the gap for those students who don't have resources at home. \r\n\r\nAs I observe my students from day to day in the classroom, they yearn for a way to express their ideas without limits. Being able to provide them with the tools needed to be successful is very important. They are always finding new ways to show that what they are learning is meaningful and a representation of themselves. \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nCan you imagine always having to obtain a new pencil just so it had a point? Well, being in my classroom requires sharp pencils all the time! Having a working, reliable and durable sharpener in 3rd grade is essential. We do a lot of writing in our classroom and do not like to waste time having to wait to use a sharpener that NEVER works! Staying sharp in 3rd grade requires SHARP pencils! \r\n\r\nHaving a working sharpener when it's needed is a MUST for my students. We utilize multiple pencils daily in order to refine our writing, coach a partner with Math skills and write thank you letters to amazing donors."
10edd7ea24ee17c501b22a8d5df49121,Mrs.,NC,2016-12-22 11:04:20,Grades 6-8,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need pencils, erasers, highlighters, and tape just to be successful in the classroom.  We constantly sharpen, write, highlight and learn in the math and science classroom.",87,1,"I Need A Pencil: A Softer Way Not To AskI am fortunate enough to be able to teach at a wonderful North Carolina Intermediate School. I am in a rather large district in Western North Carolina. It has been difficult meeting the needs of my students over the past few years. My team consists of two classrooms with 30 students each, so this year I have 60 kids. Students are engaged with technology at very young ages and schools need to keep up with the changing times in order to instill new learning and the love of learning new things. We, as teachers, have to find new ways to teach, learn, and engage our young learners.  One area of focus I have been trying to incorporate in all subject areas are STEM related activities.  I believe math and science are the focus through STEM related lessons.We are in need of some basic school materials. I am asking for pencils, pencil sharpeners, and erasers for our daily learning activities. We constantly sharpen and write every minute of the day in order to learn our new concepts. My focus is on creating a psychologically-safe learning environment for my students. By eliminating the anxiety that comes when students worry about being called out or humiliated in front of their peers for not having their materials, I can reduce the chance that students will skip class, give up, become defiant, or develop mysterious illnesses that cause them to stay home. Obviously, these students struggle with remembering supplies. This is likely the result of many factors in their lives, none of which has anything to do with the classroom. I would love for you to help me with this issue. Please help my students by providing simple basic supplies for our everyday learning.  I am asking for a wiggle ball seat to try out for my classroom.  Kids become restless and squirmy throughout the day.  I am going to try out this seat to see if it can be a winner in my classroom.\r\n\r\n"
94235979c8db0138edfe4bbd92338b6d,Mrs.,WY,2017-01-09 14:16:50,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Music & The Arts","Mathematics, Visual Arts",My students need Osmo learning kits to help them become 21st century learners.,0,1,"My Third Grade GeniusesMy students are a diverse group. Some students have parents with college degrees or higher education. Other students are on public assistance and free and reduced lunch. I have high leveled learners as well as special needs students. Some of my students have emotional needs and require interventions with these needs. \r\nI love my kids. I love that they are all different. These kids challenge me on a daily basis and I want to be ready to help them grow.I plan to allow my students to use this daily to help improve thinking and problem solving skills. Osmo is an award-winning game system that will change the way your child interacts with the iPad by opening it up to hands-on play.\r\nOsmo fosters learning in key areas such as: creative problem solving, art, STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) and common core.\r\n\r\nCoding teaches logic and problem solving skills.\r\nTangram fosters spatial relational skills.\r\nWords teaches spelling and critical thinking skills.\r\nNewton fosters creative problem solving skills.\r\nMasterpiece teaches drawing and creative confidence.\r\nNumbers teaches counting, addition and multiplication.\r\nPizza Co. teaches math, money, fractions and nonverbal communication.\r\n\r\nStudents will work on the numbers activities during math and the words activities during language arts."
0e0bd8e8498fb05404649ff208e57524,Mr.,MI,2017-01-05 13:19:50,Grades 6-8,"History & Civics, Literacy & Language","History & Geography, Literature & Writing",My students need Fifteen Wired iPad Keyboards with Lightning Connectors for class.,10,1,"FOR THE LOVE OF WRITING!!!I have a very diverse student body consisting of Caucasian, South Asian, East Asian, Middle Eastern, and African American students.\r\nI also have English Language learners as well as some students who were refugees; all of my students make my school a diverse and exciting place for learning. My students are engaged young people, who are both naturally inquisitive and  highly intelligent. They motivate me on a daily basis to do my best for them and are far deserving of any support.Hello.  We are asking for fifteen wired keyboards for our class to improve our overall reading and writing skills. In our class students use iPads, because of this, we have become a paperless classroom.  Reading and writing are such a huge part of our class that we have found typing on the tiny iPad screen keyboards makes it difficult for us to get our best work out.  We are asking for fifteen wired keyboards to help make a difference in our daily work.  We would use these keyboards every day in class with the hopes that our writing/typing skills increase."
c7d343734d3240a1c783ce1d476ff7ae,Ms.,TX,2016-09-16 15:55:05,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","College & Career Prep, Literacy",My students need a new color printer for creating classroom projects.,67,1,"Stop the Presses! We Need a Printer!My students are gifted first, second, third and fourth graders in a low socio-economic area of North Texas. They come from varied backgrounds and cultures. They are talented, imaginative, and creative children; however, they all have one thing in common--they LOVE to learn. Some are talented young artists, others are future novelists, one of them may someday lead our country. ALL of them will definitely need 21st century skills when they leave public schooling and enter into the \""real world.\""  \r\nA printer is a luxury many of my students do not have at home, especially a color one! Each year my students are required to complete an independent research project. As part of this project they are expected to create a display board and some type of visual project (a book, a brochure, a poster). The only printer my students can access is a black and white on in the school library. This color printer not only would allow students to have access in the classroom for printing, but it also offers the ability to scan or copy. With the refillable ink tanks, it is more cost effective than other printers. This printer will make it possible for my students to learn the technology skills they need for creating and publishing their independent work."
d50d95e0b84522ee5e96e991f7c8e6e2,Mrs.,AR,2017-01-05 15:02:47,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need book choices in my classroom that include math history, math puzzles, math philosophy, and fictional stories solved by math.",0,1,"Making Math Marvelous!Our students are classified high-poverty. Our students are strivers. As a STEM school, math is an imperative for students to be able to absorb the curriculum. \r\n\r\nOur students come from a variety of homes, some are homeless, some live with grandparents, some with foster parents, and some work to help provide the family income.  Our school is located in Sherwood, Arkansas on the border between the North Little Rock School District, and the Pulaski County School District. Our school provides a valid choice for parents who choose to drive their students to our school every day. We do not have transportation. The city bus does not drive near our school.  Our parents make the choice every day.These requested books will grow my students' love of both math and reading. Our school has a strong reading tradition and students know that they can read if their work is complete. These math books are both fun and practical. \r\n\r\nFun math books will pique the minds of even reading resistant students. The Math history books will engage students that love history and philosophy.  Math art books will inspire our artists. All in all, these books attempt to reach every student in my Algebra I class.  STEM is critical to our students' success in life. We know that engaging their mathematical minds through reading will help in this process."
7408ccc35015267d4db5643178ace86d,Mrs.,WI,2016-08-15 12:45:54,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need yoga mats. lap desks, and wiggle seats to have choice in where they sit in the classroom.",0,1,"Active Bodies, Active Minds!I work in a culturally diverse school, where students from many backgrounds come together to learn.  Our school embraces diversity and promotes the well being of all students, both academically and emotionally.  Students come to school knowing they will be valued as individuals and appreciated for who they are.  We strive to meet the needs of all learners every day.\r\nAs we embrace the diversity of our student population, children feel empowered to have a voice in their learning objectives and outcomes.  This voice and choice enables students to feel invested in their learning.  My students come to school excited to learn, enthusiastic and motivated.  As a school, students and teachers value the amazing community we have established.My students often ask to move and have choice in where they sit in the classroom.  They find sitting in a desk all mundane, tiring, and uninspiring.  Often students choose to sit around the room on the floor.  My classroom is almost entirely hard, cold tile which is not conducive to the student desire to move around and have a choice in seating.  \r\nMoving around the room and varied seating options provides students choice in where they sit, motivating those students who need more movement during the day.  The yoga mats would provide warmth and cushion on the tile floor, while the lap desks would give students a work space conducive to completing assignments.  Wiggle cushions can be used by students when sitting in desks is necessary."
935a106082ee928930cccd4c105ca4d0,Mrs.,TX,2016-10-06 13:50:57,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Literacy & Language","Applied Sciences, Literacy","My students need OSMO and all of its components to learn letter recognition, spelling, simple math, drawing, coding, and more! The school is new and has no iPads. OSMO only operates with an IOS device.",1,1,"A Powered Up Library!We are a brand new school that opened in August 2016. Our school serves a low socioeconomic population. The opportunities available to our students are school provided. \r\n\r\nOur Pre-K through 6th grade students are eager learners despite obstacles! Most of them realize that school is important and are happy to be in a bright and beautiful new building. \""This is the most amazing library on earth!\"" I heard one student say. These students don't come from big, beautiful homes with all necessities available; so, they truly appreciate their new school.My students have very little interaction with technology as a learning tool. They are familiar with phones as social devices and do not realize the power technology holds in the classroom and library. \r\n\r\nOSMO takes learning off the page! Teaming OSMO with an iPad not only gives students an amazing opportunity to learn with numbers, letters, drawing, coding, and much more, it allows them to see the remarkable tool and asset technology can be.  \r\n\r\nAlthough a new school is beautiful and exciting, it is also without many student resources. Even with adequate funding, it takes years to build a library, meet technology needs, and supply students and teachers with the resources found in older schools and districts. But, without funding, it is nearly impossible. First year budgets for my school are slim due to the building and installation costs. I don't want our students to not have the experiences the other district students will simply because they are in a new building.\r\n\r\n\r\n"
a12f726ee58fed0f708b06b975392970,Mrs.,AL,2017-01-26 14:08:06,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need a rug, a cozy couch and bean bag chairs to create a homey space for reading and working.  We also need a new square table and yoga balls to provide plenty of seating.",1,1,"Flexible Seating in KindergartenWhen you enter my kindergarten classroom, a quick scan across the room will reveal the characteristics of a five year old child.  They are fun, inquisitive, curious, silly, caring, and energetic.  They have enthusiasm and a love for learning that make my job a joy each and every day.\r\n\r\nWe spend our days filled with fun and learning.  My students are energetic and I make sure to keep them moving with plenty of active transitions and brain breaks!  We are learning valuable life skills as we get along with each other, accept each others differences, and learn what it means to be kind.  We problem-solve, investigate, explore, and ask questions about our world each and every day!  \r\n\r\nKindergarten has become much more rigorous over recent years.  My goal as an educator is to make sure that my classroom remains developmentally appropriate.  I strive to continue to educate myself on current issues and best practices so I can provide the best possible education for my students, while also securing the resources needed to succeed!One of my roles as an early childhood educator is to reflect on my classroom and how it operates.  I've been researching flexible seating lately, and I believe wholeheartedly that this is just the change that I need to create the classroom environment I desire.\r\n\r\nComfortable classrooms promote a sense of well-being, keep minds focuses, and limit distractions.  Teachers and researchers are finding that allowing students choice and movement in their seating arrangements can greatly improve behavior and academic performance.  \r\n\r\nI have a new vision for my learning space where students no longer have an assigned \""space\"", but can choose where they will be most comfortable.  I am going to remove some tables and add rugs, couches, bean bag chairs, lamps, and a coffee table.  I want to add a new square table but lower it so students can sit around it instead of in traditional chairs.  I will add clipboards and lap desks for students who choose to work in the floor.  I also want to add a few yoga balls for another seating option.  \r\n\r\nI believe that removing tables and adding flexible seating will make our classroom much more open, inviting, and appropriate for my kindergarten learners!"
cd0b298cfbf6c2ce11e90b42b444657f,Ms.,CT,2017-01-14 08:25:22,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Mathematics",My students need headphones to effectively use the computers in the classroom.,9,1,"Do you hear what I hear?It has been wonderful working in this school district. There have been challenges, but overall a great learning experience! The school that I work in, educates student that are considered to be in a high poverty school district. Even with the struggles that they go through, they come to school eager to learn. \r\n     The students that I work with deserve the best education possible, learning things that will help them be successful in life. Making their learning more exciting is my goal! There is so much out there waiting to be discovered!\r\n     \r\nOur school is now a STEAM school, which is very exciting for the students! They are being introduced to many things daily through technology. Although it is a brand new school, there are still some things that the students need to facilitate learning with technology.\r\nMy class needs headphones to use chromebooks while doing individual activities at their seats. It is difficult for the students to concentrate on an activity when they can hear other students' computers. Some of these activities include listening to stories being read, educational websites for reading, math, science, as well as taking online assessments.\r\nIn addition to the headphones, we need replacement ear covers. We all know that accidents can happen, so it would be nice to have them in case something goes wrong."
bccc318f2ad855ccf667dd6d203d143c,Mrs.,CA,2017-02-04 13:22:39,Grades PreK-2,"Warmth, Care & Hunger","Warmth, Care & Hunger","My students need cookie cracker variety packs, so my students have snacks so they are not hungry, and can stay focused until lunch time, so they can learn!",115,1,"Snacks So My Hungry Kindergartners Aren't Hungry & Stay Focused!Sitting on bottoms is overrated. Kids learn from doing, not just watching and listening! My students are very active, and it is hard for them to sit still and just listen to lessons. When lessons are delivered through games and fun activities they love it, and learn much, much, more!\r\n     I have 14 girls, and 13 boys, who are all precious and beautiful, with the potential to excel in academics, graduate from college, and have very successful careers! I am the teacher who needs to give them a strong foundation in math, science, visual arts, social studies, and language arts to make sure their career dreams come true.\""Teacher I am hungry. I don't have food for snack. I didn't eat breakfast.\"" The kindergartners I teach live in poverty. They get free lunch, and breakfast only if they are brought in early enough. Not only are they starving for food, but also for attention, education, and people who care. My students need Cookie gracker variety packs.\r\n\r\nWhen they aren't hungry, my classroom is full of active, happy, smiling kindergarten students at a school located in a city in Northern California.\r\nFull stomachs equal engaged students! At the last school that I taught at, I was given healthy snacks to give to my kindergartners every day. It was great! At my present school I am not given food for snack time. Kindergartners do get hungry half way before lunch. When I have food to give my kindergartners they are more engaged, and more focused. When I have healthy snacks provided for me to give to my kindergartners, the moans and groans I hear because my little students are hungry will stop. There are many hours between breakfast and lunch, and my students need to be re-fueled. Also, many students are brought in late, and don't eat breakfast at home, and miss our free school breakfast. These snacks will help my kindergartners learn, stay engaged, and focus\r\n\r\n"
83d227ded8f3ab3e6633681d0460d4a1,Mrs.,PA,2016-09-29 11:41:10,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need keyboards and stylus's to help them navigate their ipads.  I have found many educational websites that they will need these items to complete work.  They are also starting to write on the ipads!,6,1,"My students are smarter then ME!My students are smarter then me when it comes to electronics!!  I have to keep on my toes and find new and exciting things for them to do using the 13 ipads I currently have in my room. Although I am blessed with this technology, it is never enough . My students are in an urban setting with most students in foster or young parent families. They are fed breakfast, lunch, and sometimes dinner. Despite their \""rough life\"" they show up to school everyday with a smile on their faces.I have 13 ipads in my room that students use DAILY for math and reading. I have found many websites they can use for educational purposes but will need a keyboard to complete most.  The keyboard on the ipad is not conducive to writing.  I am also introducing in my curriculum some keyboarding skills!!  These kids will be doing everything online soon and I need to give them the skills to compete in middle school and high school. They will soon be smarter then me, and that is ok.  I cannot wait to give them the opportunities to do MORE online."
c80b70c4c96cd3bc9841dc0dd5261d5a,Ms.,TX,2016-10-25 13:46:43,Grades 6-8,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need chromebooks to access technology in the classroom to help improve literacy.,1,1,"Growing through technology.My students are from all ethical backgrounds.\r\nThey are sweet kids who are willing to learn but are faced with challenges. Some of my kids don't speak English at it saddens me every time they stare at me all puzzled. Their classmates who are bilingual try to help, but they themselves are already behind because of their disability. The other kids in my class have a learning disability. They struggle with comprehension, memory and reasoning to name a few. My school is growing in number and in culture. The kids have a more positive attitude towards learning. I can feel it as they enter my class and even in the hallway as they hustle to class.\r\nMy students will use technology to help improve their comprehension and English speaking skills. The chromebooks will reinforce concepts and address gaps in language skills.\r\n *I will use ESL Interactive Grammar Games which are short, simple games that address skills such as English vocabulary, spelling, and verb tenses. *Accessing various website to help my ESL babies example. Duolingo and Google Translate it has boxes for plugging in text to translate. *They will access online dictionaries with pictures because visual is very important. *They will use STARFALL which is a free resource suitable for individualized development of pre-reading skills, teaching reading, and refining reading skills. It has a diverse library of reading materials, accompanied by illustrations and audio, including fiction, nonfiction, comics, plays, Greek myths, Chinese fables, and other folk tales. With this technology kids will be engaged and motivated to learn. They will be less frustrated and more excited."
31c731352821ca1ce73ddbccb13c24ed,Mrs.,OK,2016-07-11 15:30:11,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need a cozy place to read and work. Our classroom is all tile and they need a cozy place to read, to do cooperate group work, and to use as a gathering place.",1,1,"Cozy Up and Work Time!My students are met with challenges every day; however, they continually come in every day ready to learn regardless of what has happened at home or elsewhere.   \r\n\r\nI teach in a Title 1 school with students from several different cultures.  \r\nWe have at least 3-5 different languages in each class. \r\n\r\nAll students receive free breakfast and lunch. Several of my students this may be the only meals they receive for the day.\r\n\r\nMy students are deserving of a comfortable place to gather and learn.Using the rug in the classroom will serve more than one purpose.  Our classroom is all tile and gets cold in the winter and is hard and uncomfortable all the time! It will not only make my students more comfortable.  The rug would give our class a cozy, soft place to read, do cooperate work.  It would also be great space for class meetings!  \r\nComfort is essential for all learning!\r\nThe encouraging words would be a constant reminder every time we gather.  Studies have proven students who are more comfortable work better. Help my students to get cozy and learn!"
cceb8fd9f6faac8e456a43fa3efa07b3,Mrs.,PA,2017-04-07 13:46:30,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need 3 HP Chromebooks to use in the classroom.,1,1,"Cravin' Some Chromebooks!I am hoping to equal the educational experience for my third grade students with the rest of the country.  My students are growing up in a low income, rural school district where there is very high unemployment. Their resources and experiences are very limited.\r\n\r\n\""Is that real?\"" were the words expressed by one of my students when he experienced a 3-D tour of the White House while using a Chromebook. Our school has over 400 students that have to share 10 Chromebooks.I am hoping to equal the educational experience for my third grade students with the rest of the country. My students are growing up in a low income, rural school district in Western Pennsylvania where there is very high unemployment. Their resources and experiences are very limited.\r\n\r\n\""Is that real?\"" were the words expressed by one of my students when he experienced a 3-D tour of the White House while using a Chromebook.\r\n\r\nOur school has over 400 students that have to share 13 Chromebooks. The addition of 3 Chromebooks would greatly provide my students with more opportunities to explore educational topics."
cbe812c6184bc6c15937a074ea20935f,Mr.,CA,2017-04-20 20:14:12,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need white t-shirts, fabric markers, and regular markers so they can make shirts illustrating the characters they've studied in our series unit.",47,1,"Bring Our Favorite Characters to Life!I've been teaching for almost 10 years. Every year, I'm amazed by the incredible scientists, poets, artists, mathematicians, and thinkers I get to work with everyday! (And they're only 7 and 8!)\r\n\r\nMy 25 second grade students are from a vibrant, diverse community, and most of the students speak a language other than English at home. My kids and their families are determined to succeed, and together, we are making incredible gains! Last year, we had some of the largest academic gains of any elementary school in the entire school district. They deserve the best, and this is where you can help!My students are working hard reading series of books. They're analyzing characters and learning how to compare books in a series. \r\nAs a culminating project my students want to make a t-shirt that illustrates who their character is on the inside and on the outside. They'll draw with Fabric Markers their characters on a t-shirt and have to apply their learning by writing character traits and describing how the character responds to problems. These are the types of projects that help bring learning to life for my students. They will be so motivated when they know they have a project that they can share with their family and friends."
28a33c6c3f3a23949656dd383fbf1e09,Mrs.,VA,2016-10-21 21:21:19,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need hands-on materials that promote science, technology, math, and engineering so they can discover and uncover content in an engaging manner, while having fun!",0,0,"The Little Engineers That CouldMy students represent a diverse population with a wide range of income levels.  Many are below the poverty level,  some are middle class, and several are from more affluent homes.  We represent America pretty well.  The children at my school all have one thing in common, however.  They light up when actively engaged and  they embrace challenges!  I am the gifted-resource teacher and I bring lessons and challenges into all of the classrooms at my school.\r\n\r\nWe foster a growth mindset at Christopher Farms Elementary School, and students look forward to school when it is meaningful and engaging.These materials will excite the engineer in any kid!   Electronic circuit-building made elementary, Snap Circuits allow for easy connections and scores of different projects. The circuits are durable and reliable, offering a tangible sense of how electronics work. Projects include an AM radio, doorbells, a burglar alarm, and electronic games. \r\n\r\nEngineering toys seem to appeal to both boys and girls, and there are varying levels of challenges to meet the needs of all students. \r\n\r\nStudents will use the engineering design process to design, test, and reflect on their products.   These educational toys are perfect for learning centers that enrich content."
97ad3cb29e32c747a5e1c161dca4fa79,Mrs.,NM,2016-05-16 23:40:04,Grades 9-12,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Applied Sciences, Special Needs",My students need access to technology to prepare them for their future including digital tablets and headphones for use in class.,2,0,"Technology for ScienceExperience and research shows that students who actively participate in class will increase learning gains. My students do this by tapping into various interests and learning modalities through a combination of reading, writing, math, hands-on problem solving, art, and technology.This classroom setting, which combines students with learning disabilities and their non-disabled peers provides support and engaging activities so that ALL students feel interested, challenged, and successful.\r\nThis motivates them to keep going even when the going gets tough!Digital tablets allow the students to access the Internet for use in class. Online assignments allow teachers to easily individualize instruction or increase engagement with whole-group, interactive instruction using the tablets. \r\nIndividually, students can: \r\n-Create digital projects to demonstrate their knowledge \r\n-Be easily assigned individualized assignments that cover the same topic based on each student's individual challenge needs. -Use digital flashcards to study the words they need to work on. -Use the tablet and headphones together to pause and replay instructional videos as needed to take notes or ensure understanding. \r\n-Conduct research onlineThe biggest challenge many teachers face with integrating technology is that many students still don't have access at home.\r\n\r\nThis disadvantage not only limits outside academic support available to the students, but limits their technological proficiency when compared to peers. By integrating technology in the classroom, teachers can help students overcome these deficiencies and better prepare them for careers of the future. This project increases learning for short term and long term gains."
6256f3cb5c44aa6ab76fbf3b0b37327d,Ms.,NY,2016-06-05 13:14:52,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need incentives, such as fun pads, rings, and crayons as they work towards their goals.  This helps keep them focused and also helps promote group fulfillment .",9,1,"A Treasure Chest of FunAs a teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences.\r\n\r\nMy students are creative, clever and very spontaneous.\r\nThey like to move, they love to read and love lots of positive attention. Many of them are being raised in single parent households and receive a free lunch based on their socioeconomic status. These things may prevent them from getting ahead early in life and may not provide them with the life experiences many of us see as \""typical\"". From the minute they walk in the door of my classroom I focus on their potential and growth while they are with me. I may not be able to control their home lives, however, I can certainly control their experience during the school day. By doing this in a creative and positive way, I am hopeful to inspire even our earliest learners to continue on a path of academic excellence.As a classroom teacher, I am always looking for new and fun    ways  to motivate and reward my students.  Just a little incentive - here and there to keep the momentum going.  Having a \""stash\"" of toys, fun pads, rings, trinkets , and figurines will give the students a little boost when they get called up to the Treasure Chest.  A variety of different thing to choose from will go a long way.  Many of my students are from low - income households- and something they can call their own means a lot to them.  Coming home with a reward from the teacher will put a smile on  the face of any of my students."
1c8aabb1435c9e57ba33037961077feb,Mrs.,NJ,2016-09-11 13:51:04,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need IPads to assist them with their education.  I believe that we need more than paper and pencils in the classroom.  We need to bring teaching and learning to an entirely new level.,2,1,"Hitting a Home run with TechnologyI have had the pleasure of teaching most of my students since Kindergarten.  I teach a self contained special education classroom.  The students in my room have difficulty reading and writing. Their struggles to learn sometimes causes them to become frustrated. \r\n\r\nI have 17 special education students in my room and they each learn differently.  We go to a wonderful school located in a suburban area. Our school is K-4 and we are very supported by our administration.  This past year was a struggle and we had to cut a few teachers due to our budget. As a teacher it is my job to make sure my students get the best education with the use of technology.My special needs to students learn in their own special way.  I have continued to find different ways  to make learning fun for my students and keep their frustration at a minimum.  Students love technology and especially IPads.  There are great ways to use the Ipad in the classroom while teaching Language Arts and Math.  \r\n\r\nI like to think out of the box and really take teaching to a different level  I recently just purchased alternative seating for my students and they are loving the exercise balls, beanbag chairs and yoga mats.  I believe that the addition of IPads will really peek their interest along with using them as a positive behavior plan. Some of my students are not that motivated to learn, I feel this will add the spark they need."
905c3f2c8360e51c3ab258a10d4a4717,Ms.,CA,2016-08-11 14:15:56,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Gym & Fitness,My students need mini iPads so they can utilize the SeeSaw app!,10,1,"Move With Me!My awesome students are from all corners of San Francisco. They come from the Inner and Outer Sunset, Hunter's Point, Chinatown, Mission and many others fine neighborhoods. They all travel to the inner Sunset just to be in our school by car, walking and some even travel on the bus for an hour each way! Why? They are determined to learn two languages instead of one. My students are immersed in Chinese eighty percent of the day, the other twenty percent, which is only an hour, they focus on English.Sensory movements and now Technology! We are ready to begin the new school year with some awesome technology supplies.  iPads are a necessity in our classroom. They are a fantastic must haves for first grade.  \r\n\r\nWe are at the age, six/seven year olds, where we need to touch and move around. The iPads allow us to do both! There are many subjects in the school day and that is a lot of movement. In order for us, first graders, to be more productive we require devices to help us.  That is why we are requesting for three iPads.  With the iPads, we are integrating technology along with mobility so we can work better! A+ for iPads!"
d96944dc61d67d3739a7e0a44a542de3,Mr.,CA,2016-09-01 10:45:37,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Health & Life Science,My students need a chromebook in class to do research and explore technology.,2,1,"Chromebook for ScienceMy students need a research station for my classroom.  They are trying to make sense of their world, which makes them curious and thoughtful. Middle school students are learning about who they are. Their unique personalities and academic abilities are developing and their need for independence is growing. They live in a time where technology is integrated in their lives and these are the tools that keep them current and relevant. This same technology they use outside the classroom needs to be used in the classroom to ensure their academic success.\r\n\r\nStudents will use the Chromebook & Google Application for research and enrichment. I have an average of 30 students per class; therefore a research station will help provide access to online resources & collaboration applications within the classroom.  Classroom and textbook instruction doesn't have to be put on hold for research and project creation.  The chromebook will also help support the inclusion of all students and interventions like reteaching content or preparing for online assessments. The technology allows our classroom to be a true learning environment with the access to support current curriculum standards.  \r\n\r\nHelp my students access technology through the CHEVRON Fuel Our School program."
a3f7978f5a8f85165699571cb68bb2ed,Ms.,NH,2016-10-14 07:50:36,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need access to a leveled book library to match their reading levels.,4,1,"Leveled Library for All LearnersComing from a community where nearly 90% of students are eligible to receive free and reduced lunch, many of my students do not have the means to explore the art of making and creating. Sparking their imaginations would bring new engagement to our classroom and to their learning.\r\nStudents at my small school (less than 60 students in grades PK-8) come from a small community.\r\nBuilt upon the once successful mills in nearby towns, the community has seen better days since the closure of the mills. Students come from very low income homes and have limited opportunities outside of school. We try to instill the values of leadership and character into our students on a regular basis while teaching habits that will keep them happy, healthy and successful throughout their lives. Despite a lack of economic resources in the community and at home, students come to school knowing they can be successful and we'd like to extend that success by providing them with more innovative, project-driven explorations.Our school recently made the switch to the reading and writing workshop model to better suit the individualized needs of all learners in our classrooms. While we're off to a good start, having a bank of leveled books from A-Z would help us tremendously. With access to titles available at each student's individualized reading level, students will be better met where they are and have the tools necessary to go further than they could imagine.\r\n\r\nThe leveled libraries selected for this project include both fiction and non-fiction titles, ensuring that students are able to read and experience a variety of genres and styles of writing. These libraries will serve not only as texts to access for reading, but will also provide students with models as they begin to formulate their own pieces of writing."
bb96d10f1e64ceaaf99e669286a5e0de,Mr.,CA,2016-11-20 23:32:17,Grades 3-5,Music & The Arts,"Music, Visual Arts",My students need watercolors and color pencils to integrate Art into our Language Arts Standards.,26,1,"Kids can express themselves through ArtMy students are enthusiastic learners who enjoy learning new things everyday. They are curious and ask lots of questions because they want to learn more. They see school as a fun place where they can be challenged. My students are intelligent and need engaging activities that will unlock their full potential. \r\n\r\nOur neighborhood is underserved and infested with gangs and violence. Kids see our school as a safe haven. This does not hold students back from maximizing their full potential.My students are very bright and work very hard on their daily activities. As a teacher, I know classwork and testing is a top priority, but I also feel that the Arts are an important part of a student's curriculum. With the resources I am asking for, I will be able to integrate Art into all academic subjects. \r\n\r\nNot all students learn the same way and that goes for the way that students can show their understanding of a story they read. If a student can draw or paint their understanding of a story, it is just as valuable as writing in words what the story was about. By having color pencils and watercolors, students can retell a story by drawing and painting an important part of the story. With writing, students can write stories and create a cover page by drawing and painting it with the requested materials. Other subjects like Science, Social Studies, Health, and Math also can be integrated into Art. Students deserve and need to express themselves by drawing and painting to show their understanding of the content being taught to them. This year I have been using centers more often and I would like to create an Art center where students can draw and paint anything of their choice."
674250d51f196914f48344b7e6c357c7,Mrs.,UT,2016-08-03 19:44:55,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Health & Wellness",My students need tools that foster more movement in the classroom!,2,1,"Keeping Kids Moving, Even While They're Sitting!\r\nMy students are diverse.\r\nThey have different interests and things that excite them which makes the classroom environment exciting.  New ideas are always accepted and tried. My idea for this year is to keep my students moving, even when they're sitting. I'm hoping that this will foster more creativity, new ideas, and perseverance in difficult tasks. Even though every student is different, one thing they have in common is that they all need to be given the chance to move!Last year I noticed a classroom with yoga balls instead of chairs!  Students were happily moving around and getting work done. My students were jealous! I want to have this environment of movement and health in my classroom this coming year.\r\n\r\nI believe that yoga-ball chairs, wobble cushions, and exercise brain breaks are the key to adding movement back into the classroom!  In addition to movement breaks, students will be able to move around as they are sitting as well.  \r\n\r\nAll of my students are different. But one thing they always have in common is a need for movement. Fostering this will increase attention span, knowledge, and energy. I can't wait for a more movement based classroom."
32430f35c49b977d7cf54a5b81f62053,Mrs.,CA,2017-03-29 20:41:39,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Health & Life Science",My students need a classroom laptop to replace our currently borrowed one in order to access latest software and videos in the areas of science.,5,1,"An Apple will Feed the Minds of our Future Doctors.\r\n\r\nI am a Health and Medical Terminology teacher at a high school located in South Los Angeles. Our school is a Title I school. More than 90% of our students are provided free breakfast, lunch and dinner. \r\n\r\nMany of our students have come from challenging experiences, but that does not stop them from coming to school every day and giving it their all. Our attendance rates are exceptional, topping 98% at points throughout the year. Our students attend school Monday through Saturday and are offered before/after school programs to receive extra help in their assignments. Our school has a rigorous curricula.  All graduating students leave prepared for college by meeting the A-G requirements.Currently, the technology in our classroom is a borrowed laptop. We need permanent classroom technology to help with everyday engaging. PowerPoints and content related videos to access for student research and creating projects. This laptop will help 200 plus students and a dedicated teacher.\r\n\r\nHaving our own laptop will help in continuing to increase access, equity, and engagement.\r\nStudents in today's world are expected to excel in a society that is fast-changing. In order to help the students in my classroom succeed, I feel it is necessary to harness the technology resources they need to function in a digital age."
23fc7334ea6b3a5e8b8a91e7a7721e9e,Mrs.,FL,2016-12-17 21:09:05,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need cd players and books on cd to listen to during Daily 5 literacy centers.,1,1,"Learning to Read with Books on CDMy students are special because they are part of the new Dual Language program at our school. A majority of my students come from homes where the first language is spanish; therefore, it is my job to make sure that I prepare them adequately during their time in school because some will not receive homework assistance because their parents cannot read or write in English. Many of the students do not have books at home nor have they ever been to the neighborhood public library. Although many of them are struggling readers, they enjoy listening to a good book.\r\n\r\n\""We don't have any pens at home, so my mom couldn't sign the paper.\"" Believe it or not, I have heard this line more than once and sadly from more than one student. I teach at a Title 1 elementary school in South Florida where a majority of the student population receives free or reduced lunch. The community is in a low socioeconomic area. Thank  you for taking interest in my class and students. We would greatly appreciate any donation that you are willing to make.Since many of my students are English language learners, it is important that they hear what good reading sounds like as much as possible. I would like to purchase cd players and books on cd for them to listen to during Daily 5 reading centers. These would benefit the students greatly because while I am working with small reading groups students can in pendently go and listen to a book being read to them. This will help increase word recognition, fluency, and they will how learn to read with expression because they will be listening to what a good reader sounds like."
c376c98b0cdb746cf025bb21ee810376,Ms.,CA,2016-12-06 12:22:05,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need twelve 3Doodle pens to bring their STEM creations to life!,160,1,"Doodle It!I am so thrilled to start this new school year out with a fantastic group of sweet fifth graders!  They are so very eager to learn, create, and communicate.  They work hard and they don't give up!\r\n\r\nOur school has a spectacular staff and incredible community support!  Even though we are located in a low socioeconomic area, it is clear that parents want the best for their children by their active involvement. All of our students receive free breakfast and over 80% receive free lunch. My students face many daily challenges, but they always come to school with dazzling smiles, ready to have fun learning!\""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.\"" -Arthur C. Clarke\r\n\r\n   3D pens are magic that my whole class will learn and benefit from!  My  school would love to have these in our new Maker Space! It is so fascinating to see my tech-savvy 10 year olds showing others what to do on the computer. With these modern pieces of technology, I know that all of my students will be engaged. They will be able to create and print math projects. The possibilities for science are numerous, including pyramids and building replicas. These amazing pens will also allow us to make math tangibles, like cones, pyramids, and cylinders. The possibilities are endless!\r\n   Your help will bring my classroom into the 21st century.\r\nWith these latest pieces of technology, my students will have experience with the wave of the future. By creating 3D models, our students will not only have a better understanding of key academic concepts, they will also become proficient in modern technology."
35041a2992af8abd70e20ca54639ef60,Mrs.,OR,2016-10-03 21:27:08,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need access to literature and nonfiction text so that they can thrive as successful readers!,3,1,"Access to Books!Reading is the key to a successful future for our students. Teaching a child to read is amazing and books allow students to imagine, learn and explore the world around them.  \r\n\r\nReading opens doors and access to books is important to students.    I teach in a high poverty, diverse elementary school in a small town. Our students are amazing, hard working, and kind. \r\nOur students work hard to meet standards and overcome challenges from poverty. We have made huge progress in our school over the past few years and continue to work hard every day to help students succeed.Close to 600 students in our elementary school would love access to engaging and current books.  Reading is an important skill that helps students to access the world.  Books in the hands of our students will help them to thrive and grow as readers.  \r\n   Students in grade K-5 would love to be inspired by non-fiction books to learn about the world. Students would love fiction books to imagine and escape into fantasy worlds.  The more we are able to get books in the hands of our students, the more they will read.  Reading is the key to a successful future!"
1a78ca956dc245a787b6f1a9ed777e5c,Ms.,NC,2016-06-18 12:20:43,Grades 3-5,Applied Learning,Extracurricular,"My students need hands-on materials to learn what coding is all about! Anytime students see what they're learning being applied to something hands-on, their interest is 100% there.",4,0,"Coding and Programming for 21st Century LearnersMost of the students at my school come from low-income families and are not introduced to educational materials. Many don't even have books to read at home. I would like to make school and learning fun for them. \r\n\r\n I have attended a workshop on teaching young students Coding and Programming and I would like to have the materials necessary to teach my students how much fun this can be!! \r\n\r\nWorking with students who do not have a lot may be challenging, but allowing them to be introduced to items and materials that they have never seen before builds that desire to learn and achieve. \r\nI am requesting the purchase of an item called Makey Makey. This very neat tool allows for students to turn anything into a functioning controller or keyboard! ANYTHING, ranging from bananas, buckets of water, stair steps... ANYTHING!\r\n\r\nThere is a huge demand for programmers in today's workforce, so why not make children's first exposure to programming something that they will never forget?  Students today need to be shown what the future can hold. \r\n\r\nWhen given the opportunity to work with technology, students have a very different interest. They need to be taught that in the future, technology can be a field that they can get into.\r\n\r\n"
17f5d9744eddcfc4c1163419fe7bbeb2,Mr.,TX,2016-11-04 11:21:18,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need Chromebooks.  These devices will allow needed access to the internet, word processing, online tutorials, resources and student-teacher communication.",0,1,"Laptops for LiteracyIt is a constant challenge to meet the needs of a diverse student body.  Ensuring that all students, regardless of income or socioeconomic status, have the tools and resources they need to succeed is an arduous task.\r\n\r\n   My students, primarily the At-Risk, economically disadvantaged and English as a Second Language students, lack basic resources to complete assignments, access school websites, type essays or simply contact teachers for assistance. \r\n\r\n  These are kids trying to bridge the achievement gap, to catch up with their more-affluent peers. Providing laptops and training will positively influence the lives of my students.\r\n\r\n   The United Nations declared internet access a basic human right.  Your gift will place invaluable technology into the hands of my children, enabling them to use laptops both in class and at home.  The ability to develop tech skills, discover new ideas and complete their web-based assignments will be a boon to their learning and a wonderful investment in their future.Roughly half of low-income families in America do not have the internet at home.  This unfortunate statistic directly contributes to the achievement gap.  The functional, basic skills needed to use a computer are imperative to the future success of these young learners. \r\n \r\nI have a student who walks two miles every day to a cousin's house in order to access a computer--  an untenable, unfortunate reality for this young man. \r\n\r\nA laptop can boost achievement rates, improve computer literacy and provide 21st Century Skills, according to a recent study by Michigan State University.  The world these children are inheriting is one of change and turmoil; accessing the internet, learning essential technological skills and gaining an ability to communicate with peers, teachers and administrators will be a facilitating factor in their development.\r\n\r\nThese students will not simply be handed a laptop and sent on their way, however.  A large part of this project will be after school, supplementary instruction. \r\n\r\nI will direct students in the usage of their devices: how to email, type and save documents, create spreadsheets and keep a calendar of events.  They also need to learn basic skills for browsing, web-research and safe practices for online activity.  \r\n\r\nThese are bits of knowledge those of us with access to technology take for granted, but are skills these boys and girls fundamentally lack.  Helping these kids learn how to use these devices and personalized tutoring will empower struggling, disadvantaged children towards self-confidence and success.\r\n\r\nI want to provide my students a scaffold to higher education and self-fulfillment, to make them feel as connected, informed and able as anyone who walks into my classroom.  \r\n\r\nPlease consider how your generous contribution will impact the lives of these children and their families. Thank you."
463c0b9a5864fe1be17a1d4377e2a5b4,Mrs.,OK,2017-01-08 20:51:53,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Health & Life Science, Mathematics",My students need 4 wobble chairs to use instead of chairs.  We have one wobble chair now.  This will allow each student in the group to have a chair while receiving instruction at the teacher table.,3,1,"Wobble Chairs for Little Antlers\r\nDo you remember the having to sit still and told not to wiggle? Think about this when you are 4 years old, in a new environment, new information is being presented, and all you want to do is just go play with the cool toys around the room.  Students who sit on wiggle chairs can be calm and focused as they learn their alphabet and numbers.\r\n\r\nOur Pre-K classroom of 20 students is set in an elementary (Pre-K to 4th grade) building in a rural school district. We get to create, discuss, get messy, and play. We enjoy creative activities and engage in art and music each day.\r\n4 and 5 year old Pre-K students have a lot of energy. A student who is wobbling on a chair increases blood flow to the brain and lessens the need to fidget the body. Students will learn better and be successful.\r\n\r\nThe wobble chair is a nice alternative seating.  The chair can provide stability and flexibility.  Students can move and flex without leaving their seat at the table.  The students can't tip over.  It's a teacher's dream to provide an outlet for restlessness and extra energy.  \r\n\r\nStudents can even use one of the wobble chairs during whole group instruction if they are having a hard time sitting on the rug.  It's so light it can be moved from the table to the rug."
6995b80bb814aea2afbd614fca70f52b,Mrs.,NY,2016-08-22 15:45:54,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science",My students need an indoor growing system to continue learning important science and health concepts during the winter months when they cannot access the outdoor garden.,0,1,"Indoor Garden for Hands-On LearningOur classroom is comprised of children who have immigrated to the U.S. and are learning the English language while simultaneously learning academic content. It's a tough job, but these kids are up to the task!\r\n\r\nMy students are curious, creative, and hard-workers. They love hands-on projects and real-world learning opportunities and thrive in an environment where they have the freedom and resources to explore the world around them in meaningful ways.\r\n\r\nThey come from families with low incomes, who often do not have the resources or knowledge to teach them about healthy lifestyles and give them opportunities to engage with nature.My students love the garden we built at school, but are disappointed that they can only access it and grow things during the fall and spring. By bringing a small hydroponic garden into our classroom, they can start seedlings in the winter and watch them grow until they are ready to transplant outside. \r\n\r\nThis will make the growing process so much more meaningful for them because they will get to see each plant develop from a tiny seed and have the opportunity to care for the seedlings each day in class. It will cement important concepts of the plant life cycle for them and teach them life skills such a delayed gratification and cooperative learning."
9e76c0c25bcccb5163f8082f73f18cb2,Mr.,GA,2017-01-22 11:48:49,Grades PreK-2,Applied Learning,Early Development,My students need the Bouncy Bands for their feet and Fidgets Cubes for their hands to help them sit still and pay better attention during the day.,0,1,"Bouncing Back To Learning \r\nI teach first, second and third graders in a high poverty school in Georgia, which can make teaching a challenge at times.  One hundred percent of my students receive free breakfast and 90% receive free or reduced-price lunches this year. This school year, 100% of my students receive Special Education services in all academic areas. Despite their challenges, my students are motivated to learn, and have dreams of becoming scientists, mathematicians, authors, and engineers. However, the shortage of funds makes it difficult for us to get the resources needed. Projects like these will keep our students focused, so they can be excited about learning, and keep them engaged while having fun.My project includes an assortment of sensory tools that help students stay calm during school. When students have sensory needs, they are unable to focus on instruction. Fidgets, weighted items, and soothing visuals give students a more productive way to meet their sensory needs. Therefore, my students need the Bouncy bands and the fidget cubes to be able to focus more on their academic tasks and work towards meeting their individual education goals. Our classroom could really benefit from having these Bouncy Bands on their desks and fidget cubes in their hands. The Bouncy Bands are a great way to release energy while they are in their desk and the fidget cubes are an excellent  way for the students' hands to keep busy while they focus their energy on listening and learning. \r\n\r\n\r\n"
556b21e47904486c5273c9140046370a,Mrs.,FL,2017-01-20 15:46:20,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Applied Sciences, Special Needs",My students need STEAM building activities in order to become an STEAM/ESE classroom.,10,0,"Steam For AllOur class is a 6th, 7th and 8th grade varying exceptionalaties special education classroom, the disabilities in our room include Autism, Down Syndrome and other intellectual disabilities. My 6-8th grade ESE (special needs) students are 90% poverty and free lunch. \r\n     Everyone of my students are individuals with very unique personalities that make them special.  All of my students are very active and require modifications made to the classroom and curriculum to meet their individual needs. These students strive everyday and over come obstacles in order to excel in their academics. \r\nThese days technology can solve our problems and then some. Solutions may not only erase physical or mental deficits but leave patients better off than able-bodied folks. The person who has a disability today may have a superability tomorrow. Daniel H. Wilson I believe When Wilson said this, I believe it was in relation to students such as my middle school ESE (special needs) students. It is essential for my students to have use of 21st century STEM materials to discover their superability.\r\nThe students in my room are hands on learners.\r\nIncorporating STEM activities into the classroom is the best way to make the concepts of math, science and technology concrete concepts for them.\r\n"
b1ac33f4a9e598b0e02d209194f6be18,Mrs.,IN,2016-07-17 11:12:51,Grades PreK-2,"Health & Sports, Literacy & Language","Health & Wellness, Literacy",My students need a way to use the energy they have in a positive way while working to improve their reading skills. The WOBBLE chair with allow their bodies to move and their minds to focus.,0,1,"WOBBLE while you read!Every day I meet with wonderful children who are behind in their reading skills. They work so hard in the classroom, but for a number of reasons reading  is still a struggle. We work together in a small group at each child's individual level to help them grow as a reader and reach their potential. We use lots of different strategies and we always try to include movement. I am always looking for new ways to allow students to move while they are working. I think I've found the answer!\r\n\r\n You should see their amazed faces at the end of the year when they see how far they have come as a reader.  There is no greater joy than giving students the extra boost they need to succeed. We are a very diverse school with students who are in great need. They receive free breakfast and lunch and we try to provide the basic school essentials like backpacks and school supplies.\r\nHaving WOBBLE stools will help my students to be able to move as they work on improving their reading skills. They are constantly in motion and have trouble staying seated during our small reading group time. \r\n\r\nI want my students to be able to use movement in a positive way as they work hard to become great readers. The chairs I currently have are hand me downs that are on their last legs. New WOBBLE stools will allow them to use all that energy as a tool to focus. They are constantly on their knees on their chair, standing beside it, or rocking it back and forth on it. I KNOW they need to move and these stools will help us to accomplish both."
d8aea1fbd596b976f2c72faf9e44c99e,Ms.,TX,2016-09-27 16:45:12,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need irrelevant and interesting reading material.  They want to know what is happening in the world.  The material needs to be meaningful.  The Scope Magazines gives them this chance.  The stories are exactly that!,1,1,"Reading in the Present but for the FutureImagine a field of wild flowers.  The vivid colors in bright juxtaposition against each other.  Each one unique and special with it's own story and scent.  \r\n\r\nThis field of wildflowers are my students.  They have difference backgrounds with wildly different stories.  They have rich and relevant religions to live their lives by.  Each one is just beginning to realize who they are as a person.  Here they are beginning to bloom.  They need your help to become the best version of themselves!The Scholastic Magazines will put interesting and relevant reading material into the hands of my students.  Each article focuses on current issues.  This will give them a purpose for reading and inspire them to read more. \r\nStudents feel a disconnect between school and the \""real world;\"" this will help bridge that gulf. They will beg to read each new magazine edition!\r\nAs adults we know reading is such an important skill, but students cannot make that connection...yet!  With this project, students will be able to enjoy reading.  They will begin read as adults do: for purpose and excitement.  I can't wait!"
958e728df9948e02e4ecdb3cd74ee868,Mrs.,AL,2016-09-18 15:13:49,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need beach tents, a \""campfire\"", lanterns, and a constellation projector so that we can simulate a camping experience as a culminating activity for a couple of units.",7,0,"Camp Share-A-StoryIt's crazy that in my years of teaching I have seen the transformation of my students from being digital immigrants to digital natives.  My seventh grade language arts students love all things technology, but you should see how their faces light up when they are given the opportunity to create things with their hands!  They are amazed!  Sometimes I think we get so lost in digital creativity, that we don't place enough value in our students' \""analog\"" experiences.  I value both and aim to teach my very talented students to do so, too.  I want to give them experiences in their education that they might not otherwise have.\r\n\r\nI continue to be amazed at the energy and creativity my students have when given the opportunity to create while they learn. My seventh-graders, most born and raised in this small town, have big  plans and big dreams, and my job is the encourage the creativity and thinking that will help them achieve those goals!Part of making education memorable is to make it ENGAGING.  I am learning to use Ron Clark Academy methods and would like to try my first classroom transformation.  By transforming my classroom into a campground, many of my students will get to experience the curriculum in a way that they can't when they're just sitting in desks.\r\n\r\nThe experiences that children remember from their school days are the experiences that take their education outside-the-box. I plan to create a memorable experience for my students as they read myths and identify words that have Greek and Latin roots in them, and then decode a puzzle to match each myth with its constellation.  They'll remember this activity around the \""campfire\"" for years to come."
5e8e54e397684f0ac620b873cd4d289f,Mrs.,TN,2016-06-04 13:52:52,Grades 6-8,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need a learning environment with storage space and  comfortable seating.,7,0,"A Cozy ClassroomMy students? Oh, well, they are awesome, of course! At least that's how I feel. I am privileged to teach at the same school that I attended when I was younger, so I definitely feel connected with my students. I know many of their parents, siblings, and family members, which also means I do have quite a bit of knowledge about their home life as well. Unfortunately, our community has had it a bit rough the past few years. Many of the companies that once employed large amounts of our citizens have moved out of the area. This has resulted in our school having a very high poverty rate (over 70%). Though we are a low income school, because of local politics, our school does not receive Title I funding, which makes things even more difficult for our teachers and students. \r\n\r\nThough our schools and teachers try their hardest, there's no way to keep this unfortunate statistic from affecting their education. We do try to make the best of it though. Our community supports us through school spirit, and our teachers try to keep a positive environment in their classrooms.Flexible seating arrangements is a unique teaching method that allows students more seating choices in the classroom in order to make students more comfortable in the learning environment. Adding elements that create a more \""home-like\"" environment creates a link between home and the classroom that makes it easier to focus in both places. Think about when you have read a book or studied at home. Was it at the kitchen table, sitting straight up using only a small amount of work space? Or did you have your materials laid out with your knees beneath you on a cushion or even in the floor or on your bed, studying while lying down? Most people, if given the choice, do not sit up straight with a two foot by two foot work space when they really want to focus- so why would we create a learning environment that goes directly against our own personal choices? Even as adults in the work place, we often have our own storage space and seat with a cushion. Not to mention that conventional classrooms are not universal for student bodies, some need more room or better options. Consider students who are taller than average, shorter than average, or even left handed. The typical desk often does not meet the needs of these students.\r\n\r\nSchools and classrooms that have implemented this arrangement have found that students' grades have improved, students seem happier and more engaged, and students are participating more and are having more invigorating conversations.  Students are able to feel more confident and comfortable, thus, are more willing to try new and more difficult concepts. Even Marzano would make the argument that if you are physically uncomfortable, you will have a hard time concentrating."
fcfc389d7765f7a302113138f96b18fe,Mrs.,GA,2016-10-13 10:46:32,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Team Sports,My students need 12 twirling and marching batons to begin learning something we love!,14,1,"Batons Baby!My students learn at their own pace.  They drive their instruction based on where they are, not where the teacher is teaching.  My school is located next to a cow pasture, but we don't just stand around mooing.  We are taking charge of our learning and growing leaps and bounds.  Ralph Waldo Emerson once said, The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well. \r\nWhen I was in high school, I was a majorette in our band.  I got in shape, had a purpose that kept me focused, and made friendships that will last a lifetime. \r\nOur school is starting  a club rotation where the students can learn new skills or hobbies so they can find something they are passionate about.  Elementary students sometimes need help trying new things and finding things they are actually interested in. I would love to share this passion with my students.  When students have a passion, it helps them focus in all areas of their life.  It gives them a purpose."
74e7da9c49c554d77d3510d7da8692fe,Ms.,MO,2017-01-11 20:53:56,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","Character Education, Literacy",My students need more options for independent reading at higher levels!,1,1,"Stock the Classroom Library!Students in my classroom come from many different cultural backgrounds and home settings. School is often a place to be a kid, just as much as a place to learn. As these students prepare to head on to middle school I would like to provide them the opportunity of more choice in their education. \r\nI would like for my classroom to be a place of making choices, having input, and most importantly comfortable for my students. Giving students choices can help encourage their academics are we limit the distractions or desires to move around the room.My students have continued to meet, pass, and completely blow away their reading goals this year! Over three fourths of my fifth grade class are reading at or near an adult level already. In an effort to keep my students engaged in reading I am needing books that connect to mystery, history, and cultural diversity in the chapter book format. These books are from a wide range of topics all guided reading level W or higher to continue to motivate independent reading in my high achieving students. Providing new books always seems to be a fun way to introduce my students to new authors and experiences."
bd2a08883e8a3ae0e64bdbcb4e5c26d8,Mr.,NY,2017-01-03 10:58:19,Grades 9-12,"Math & Science, History & Civics","Environmental Science, History & Geography",My students need the requested hardware to complete our Augmented Reality Sandbox.,1,1,"Augmented Reality Sandbox...Not Your Typical Sandbox (Part 2)Our rural district covers nearly 250 square miles and includes 10 different towns.  I am a PreK-12 Technology Integration Specialist.  \r\n\r\nMy position allows me to promote the use of technology in classrooms for students of all ages.  In addition, I provide support for staff and students with the integration of technology in classrooms.  Many of our district's citizens have a primary residence elsewhere. The majority of students we serve come from low to mid-income households. Nearly 50 percent of our students qualify for free and reduced-price breakfast/lunch programs.  Many of our students have little or no opportunity to leave our area to see the world.The requested equipment will be used to finish an Augmented Reality Sandbox.  (The computer was already funded and ordered through a previous project - thank you donors!\r\n\r\nAn Augmented Reality Sandbox will allow students to explore how topography and water interact by immersing themselves in a learning experiment.  These topics can be very difficult to comprehend without hands-on, engaging activities.\r\n\r\nThe Augmented Reality Sandbox teaches geographic, geologic, and hydrologic concepts such as how to read a topography map, the meaning of contour lines, watersheds, catchment areas, levees, etc. In addition, students can see a live demonstration about how civilizations throughout history were affected by geography and water.\r\n\r\nThe Augmented Reality Sandbox would be added to our library Maker Space collection with the ability to be mobile for classrooms use as well."
62a6ba00e361de3f327f0f050f070388,Ms.,DC,2016-12-13 14:44:55,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need Legos so that they can use their creativity to build and explore!,5,1,"Build! Build! Build! Help Us Get Some Legos!I am running an afterschool program who are motivated and excited by STEM activities. We have made playdough, exploded volcanos, and created slime this fall.\r\n\r\nThese are creative kids who just want to build and explore. I want them to have that opportunity by morphing our science club a building club with legos. They long for some free play and exploration and using legos will give them that chance. Don't you remember creating complex structures and cities out of legos? I want these kids to have that chance too!These students choose to stay after school with me to extend their learning. I want to be able to do that in a highly engaging fun way. They've asked about building and wanted to explore with Legos. I remember how much fun I had (and sometimes still have!) building and creating. I want them to have the same opportunities.\r\n\r\nWe will use literacy and math skills that they have learned during the day in their classrooms to design and build in the afternoon. I can't imagine a better way to spend an hour in the afternoon. I've seen such joy on their faces this fall and I want to continue that in the spring!"
4dd2f2e799911cb76647cbf253504450,Mrs.,KY,2016-12-05 20:49:10,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need leveled readers to meet the needs are various reading levels within my first grade classroom.,2,1,"Mrs. Dill's Leveled ReadersMy students walk into our classroom every day with a smile on their face. I meet them at the door and often ask them about their night before, I ask them how their practices were, how they are feeling, and/or I follow up on various things that are happening in their life. One of my biggest beliefs as a teacher is the need to educate the \""whole person\"" rather than just to teach my students how to read, write solve problems\r\n\r\nI teach at a rural school in Kentucky. \r\nMany of my students receive backpack food on the weekends and almost half of my class has free or reduced lunches. Many of my students who have parents who work night shift and are unable to receive extra support at home with their school work.As a struggling reader myself I believe it is important to put a book in a young readers hand daily.  I am looking to get more up to date leveled readers. I meet with every student daily in a small group setting to work on phonics, reading, and writing. \r\n\r\nThese leveled books will meet ALL my students needs and provide them opportunities to feel like an accomplished reader while pushing them to become a better reader.  With the leveled readers all students will be able to have a book in their hand daily on their level. While using these books we will read to build our comprehension, fluency, and word work skills."
3ab25aba37dd3e8c1d29c3483fb784db,Mrs.,SC,2016-09-05 17:23:01,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need different types of magnets for our science unit.,4,1,"Stick to It!Welcome to a room full of smiles and enthusiastic learners! Here in Mrs. VP's class you'll find energetic students who give their all. There are very diverse needs in my classroom. Therefore, I want to provide meaningful experiences to these deserving children.  My school is a small, rural school.\r\nOur students are family-oriented and overall, great kids! Our kids play outside, enjoy sports, and are not your typical video-controlled students. These kids are grateful for everything they receive and would love these new materials!Second grade has a science unit on magnets that includes push, pull, and force.  My students need magnets of all kids to explore the properties and characteristics of both magnets and magnetic items.  These tools will allow them to not only see a variety of types of magnets but to use them hands on!  There are kits available that have magnetic objects and magnets for students to use.  We will use these kits to determine what is magnetic and what is not.  \r\nHaving enough tools for students to use creates memorable lessons.  I hope to supply my students with the tools they need to bring learning to life!"
2b35cf02566b7a438c3b07221d29ce40,Ms.,NV,2017-01-03 14:18:54,Grades 6-8,"Special Needs, Music & The Arts","Special Needs, Visual Arts",My students need basket kits to reinforce what they are learning in other classes.,25,1,"Baskets are a Bang For Your BuckAs a teacher in a school for students with severe mental challenges, my students are faced with many obstacles both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide them with creative and meaningful learning experiences that are age appropriate. My students are creative, clever and very spontaneous.\r\n\r\nThey like to move and love lots of positive attention. There are things that may prevent them from getting ahead early in life and may not provide them with the life experiences many of us see as \""typical\"". From the minute they walk in the door of my classroom I focus on their potential and growth while they are with me. By doing this in a creative and positive way, I am hopeful to inspire even our earliest learners to continue on a path of academic excellence.Basket weaving  reinforces most all of the disciplines that my students learn in their other classes.  My transition students need to be able to sit and work on a task for long periods of time.  My school aged students can use it to reinforce counting, patterning, fine motor skills, history and language art skills.\r\n\r\nGiving students with special needs access to materials such as basket supplies will provide skills necessary for their future.  The goal of our school is to make these students as independent as they can be, and this project will be one more step towards reaching that goal."
1cc7bc4ceb2464db076035c55146dec9,Mrs.,OR,2016-08-13 18:22:18,Grades PreK-2,Applied Learning,Early Development,My students need 4 convertible Chromebooks with protective shells to go in our new Elementary Computer Lab.,9,1,"Elementary Computer LabThe students at our school are creative and enthusiastic. They love engaging content and new experiences. They are just as engaged by and interested in new technologies as anyone else, but they do not always learn appropriate, educational uses of these technologies.\r\nAccess to technology can sometimes be a problem for our younger students both in and out of school.  As technology is pushed into schools, younger students can sometimes be left out, as people are unsure about what devices and programs are appropriate for kids. \r\nEarly Elementary students need environments made especially for them, with appropriately sized chairs and tables and technology that is appropriate and safe for them to use. Convertible Chromebooks are a wonderful tool for younger students. The touchscreen is a great handwriting tool as well as a tool to scaffold the skills needed to navigate more complex websites. The keyboard and touch-pad are available on the devices so that students can practice more advanced skills like keyboarding and working in word processing documents as they gain more skills and experience. \r\nI believe that our students need and deserve to be exposed to technology and computer science in school to keep up in our current reality."
80ae910262fc1e6971cedcfc1b62342b,Mrs.,OK,2016-08-08 14:44:08,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Team Sports",My students need sets of paddleball equipment to use for an exciting new unit in my PE classes!,0,1,"Paddle Masters!My students come to PE each day excited to learn new skills and play games!  I have approximately 600 students coming to PE throughout the year.  With the current budget cuts in the state of Oklahoma, it is especially hard to find funding for Physical Education units.  \r\n\r\n     Our school is growing by leaps and bounds in an increasingly developing community!    This makes providing enough equipment to successfully teach a sport to students increasingly difficult with the growing number of students.\r\nMy students LOVE PE and LOVE various games and units we do throughout the year.  I would like to add a paddleball unit this year and teach the students how to play paddleball.  This would involve all of the students in each of my PE classes participating at once in a tournament format.  This unit would allow them to develop better hand/eye coordination, agility and reflexes while providing aerobic benefits as well.  This game is easy to play for all ages and for the older students, playing in a tournament format would also provide them the opportunity to compete against each other and other classes, which they really enjoy! \r\n     Donating to this project would help launch this brand new unit this year! The students would be excited about having a new sport to learn with numerous benefits!\r\n"
138a8c164e7cf9fe80d620273696ecc7,Mrs.,TX,2016-12-20 15:52:41,Grades PreK-2,"Math & Science, Applied Learning","Applied Sciences, College & Career Prep","My students need Chromebooks for research projects, interactive learning and publishing their work.",6,1,"Kinder-1st graders Create with ChromebooksOur library is an exciting place where students can explore, discover and become passionate learners.  Each day I see students from Pre-K through 5th grade.  Students come in for research, story time, lessons, to check out books and try new things.  The majority of the students I serve are learning English as a second language.  My students are very excited about our new makerspace and technology club at the library this school year.\r\n\r\nOur school library serves more than 500 students along the US - Mexico border.These chromebooks will be checked out to kinder and 1st grade classes for students to use for small group projects.  Students currently create thinking maps for each story they read using chart paper or notebook paper.  Using the chromebooks, students will be able to use the chrome extension app Popplet to create interactive thinking maps to organize their understanding.  Students will be developing 21st century skills as they create content online and publish their work in meaningful ways.\r\n\r\nIn addition, students will get to use presentation tools with the chromebooks to share their understanding of their class lessons.  Students will be able to create class books using google slides, comic style videos using PowToon, and Smore for class newsletters.  Our classrooms have 4-6 computers available for 20+ students.  Chromebooks will be used to supplement and ensure every child is able to work in a group on their projects.  We want to prepare our students with the technology skills they need to be successful in high school and college."
757a9881e23b8c21e82491ca67f50261,Mrs.,NJ,2017-03-14 18:33:44,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need building and construction toys for their play centers.,18,0,"Let's BuildI teach at a Title I school. We have a very diverse and enthusiastic student body that participates in the free breakfast program. At our school we encourage our students to follow the R.O.A.R. of being respectful, open-minded, accountable, and responsible. We strive to help our students reach their full potential. \r\n\r\nOur school has a high ELL population. Having lots of hands-on and visual materials is essential to their learning. For many of our students, kindergarten is their first experience with school. It's essential that we build a strong educational foundation from the start. When we believe in them, they believe in themselves!Several of my students have requested building and construction toys for their play area. They asked if I could list a project for a construction play rug specifically. This class loves to build and explore. Your generous donations can help make a big difference in my students creative play opportunities. They will be very grateful to have these new materials in their play centers. Play centers help foster student driven learning. Meaningful learning and instruction takes place when we take an interest in what is important and fun to our students. Thank you for taking the time to consider supporting their request for more materials."
be3cdd7669f7453da92fdde8aa430a71,Mrs.,GA,2016-11-15 21:04:17,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Health & Life Science, Mathematics","My students need additional chromebooks to allow more time to access research material so they are able to explore new topics independently, draw conclusions, and make learning relevant.",0,1,"Chromebooks Are Keys To Success!My students are thirsty for knowledge and ready to explore and dive into new topics. Having limited technology prohibits students from chasing their passions and finding relationships between the content standards and their prior knowledge. \r\nMy students love to demonstrate and create projects using technology so they can share their findings with the class. They are active learners that require the teacher and learning environment to be two steps ahead! The energy in the learning environment when the students are excited about learning is priceless!I like to provide students with independent learning time to focus fostering their growth of knowledge in areas they are passionate about. Students construct projects and present their expertise with the rest of the class. These projects take time and extra chromebooks would allow students more time to learn.\r\nAnother use in my classroom is for students to create technology presentations to demonstrate their knowledge and ability to make connections within the classroom. Students love to incorporate writing, film their actions, and record their voices. These projects also allow students to share their finished products with others resulting in multiple demonstrations and variations of the standards.\r\nFinally, having additional chromebooks will allow more students to access technology services that accelerate and remediate students to meet their individual needs."
6fae9fa8db91431cb7c16cc8dade250b,Mrs.,CA,2017-02-18 12:06:23,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need laptops to interact with text closely to increase their literacy!,2,1,"Laptops for Literacy!Hello!  I teach Reading, English Language Arts, and Ancient History to three classes of 6th graders in Oakland. My students are from various locations all over our city.  Our school is fully integrated, which is a rare and precious demographic in urban schools.  They come to me with a wide range of skills.  Some have had amazing educational opportunities and others are from under-served neighborhoods.  \r\nThis tragic disparity shows up in my classes and I will stop at nothing to offer educational equity to my students.  Those coming from under-served areas put up with a two hour bus ride to get up to our campus.  Their families are counting on me to give their child a better educational environment than the one provided by their neighborhood schools. \r\nI take this challenge seriously.  I spend hundreds of my own dollars in my room, but there is a limit to what I can afford.  My students are creative and eager to learn!  They are excited to tackle a variety of writing projects because they love expressing themselves.  Please help them acquire the skills that they need to show the world what they can do!My students will use these laptops in their reading groups to read text closely at their specific reading level. This is incredibly important to help them develop their literacy!\r\n\r\n    This technology will enable us to fully differentiate our reading groups to meet the needs of my incredibly amazing and diverse learners.\r\n\r\nDifferent reading groups will be able to hear their text read with proper pacing and fluency as they follow along with their own books. Up to 8 students can listen with headphones at listening center from just one laptop. Other students can interact with their high quality phonics computer program if they need this level of literacy support.\r\n\r\nWe can move mountains with these laptops!"
88cc84a806778fbd5b6d7f95285b06b4,Mrs.,NC,2016-12-26 18:20:49,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Health & Life Science,My students need lab activities to bring the world of science to life!,1,1,"The Unseen World!My students come from a low socioeconomic Title 1 school. Most of them receive free or reduced lunch. My students are loving, caring and inquisitive students who find the love of science from a teacher who loves learning, but hands-on experience is something we get little of. \r\nWhat is a science class without labs? Unfortunately, my students do not get the chance to complete many labs because we do not have the supplies. Our school has outdated lab equipment and little funds to obtain supplies for hands-on activities that could bring the content to life.These lab activities will bring the unseen world of Biology to life for my students. Biology is a concept that is very difficult for many students. Lab activities help to solidify these concepts for them.\r\n\r\nHands on activities help students to review ideas that they cannot see with the unaided eye.   The photosynthesis kit will allow students to see how plants are vital to our world. The cell model kit is important for students to conceptualize the internal structures of a cell and how they function. The MOST important kit is the strawberry DNA extraction. This activity has a multi-functional purpose by showing students how DNA is the blue-print of life in all organisms."
b7047d2b912496c9025a743e0a1e3469,Teacher,NM,2016-05-16 14:56:19,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,"My students need colored folders to organize their worksheets, homework, and other documents. They also need portable easel to be used during small group instructions.",2,1,"Classroom Organization for Success!Isn't it wonderful to provide students with special needs the organizational tools and skills that can help them to be more successful in school and real life situations?My students have academic deficits, socio-emotional concerns, and organizational issues that impede their learning, but they also have the potential to be successful as long as they are provided with all the support they need. We are in a Title 1 school where all kids receive free lunch. Our school has a long list of priorities and very limited budget to fund school and classroom projects. Almost all the families of our students do not have extra resources to provide the kids with materials and supplies they need in school.Because students benefit most with modified instruction given in a small group setting, a portable easel where we can write and post visuals about the topic being learned will help students achieve lesson goals. The easel, which can be positioned anywhere in the classroom, will also hold all the materials particularly needed during instruction. Students also need the folders to organize their paperwork by filing them in a color-coded scheme.  This is one way to develop students' organizational skills.Your generosity for funding this project will surely help students to enjoy appropriate instructional methods, and will support the improvement of their organizational skills.  These are important to facilitate students learning and to train them to be organized in various settings."
db1c0710b24b56f104a63cde833af21c,Mrs.,AZ,2016-08-05 23:05:12,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need more hands on math opportunities.  Instant math centers will help create a fun and engaging Daily 5 Math Rotation.  We work hard each day building our number sense and math facts.,5,0,"Math Fact WizardsWe are a class full of imaginative 2nd graders!  We spend most of our day collaborating to get work done as a team.  Students also have time to learn on their own with the use of flexible seating.  Our school is a Title 1 school, with 90% of students receiving free or reduced lunch.  While many students don't have much at home, what they do have is a huge heart for learning.  Please help us by purchasing items to help us become even better!Our class works hard each day building a strong number sense as well as memorizing our math facts.  With the purchase of these amazing instant math centers, students will be able to have fun and engaging math centers during their Daily 5 Math Rotations.  Hands on engagement is a huge part of our classroom.  We spend a lot of our time working collaboratively and working on building team skills.  With the use of these products, students will continue to work together, build stronger math skills, and continue to find their love for math!  Please help us become Math Wizards.  Thank you"
a89c1bcbe448503092582228e981c432,Ms.,TX,2016-08-11 11:04:36,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need flexible seating options in the classroom. I want to use these exercise balls at my teacher table as opposed to chairs for my small group instruction time.,5,0,"Flexible Seating Is What We're Needing!\r\nI am an enthusiastic elementary school teacher to a wonderful group of diverse third graders who deserve the best I can give them! Financially, I cannot do it alone. That is why I am creating this project.\r\nI am currently in my fourth year of teaching, anxiously awaiting the arrival of my new students.  My school is labeled Title I (highest poverty), which means we have a lot more challenges, school budget being one of them. We are given all the academic materials that we need to teach them, but there is no budget for classroom environment or innovation. Classroom environment is very important to me as well as creative innovative new ways to engage students and make learning fun.Several times a day, my students come over to my teacher table for small group instruction. I am constantly refocusing them to pay closer attention to what we are doing. It is not always the most exciting time for my students especially for the ones struggling with the material, so it is a challenge to keep their focus. \r\nHaving flexible seating options will excite and encourage my students while at my table!  It also will help them stay focused. I have read multiple articles on flexible seating and all the positive feedback teachers are reporting. Many claim that their students are able to remain focused for much longer periods of time, which is vital in third grade!"
d9b8179625426c3ac008ef55e445ef67,Mrs.,NC,2017-04-06 13:54:00,Grades 9-12,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Environmental Science, Special Needs",My students need the scientific supplies to help them get a full understanding of the world around them.,0,1,"For the Love of Science!Our school is the first Charter School in our county. This is our 4th year in operation and we are growing by leaps and bounds. We have added a middle school and we are starting our 5th grade Academy next year. We are a green school and we are trying to encourage environmental awareness by experience. We encourage student led activities and critical thinking.\r\n\r\nAlthough my students have disabilities, they have a desire to learn like all other students.  We know that they can learn just like everyone else and we encourage this. We have 11 Students, 8 boys and 3 girls. Two of our girls have Down Syndrome and the others have a wide variety of disabilities.Our students are in self contained classes yet they are learning Science and Biology concepts just like everyone else. The items will give them the necessary resources to dig deeper. We have had to borrow from the science department when we needed an item. \r\n\r\nHaving the appropriate supplies will make for a greater learning experience. Yes, we can go online and take virtual tours and look under virtual microscopes but it just isn't the same as the real thing. We have a creek nearby, we can collect water and look at it under the microscope. We can learn about lifecycles by raising fish in an aquarium. \r\n\r\n"
0666720ec051dc5ec440d58b6c58ebd6,Mrs.,NJ,2016-11-21 15:01:58,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Early Development, Special Needs",My students need more opportunities to work with technology on a daily basis.,1,1,"iPads for AdvancementMy students are adventurous and eager to learn. They are all Kindergarten students with diverse needs on the autism spectrum. They are learning to communicate at varying levels, learning to work together, and learning individual academic goals and objectives. \r\nThey all have great potential when given the opportunity. My students strive with structure, organization, and lessons with repetition. They also need to generalize all information to ensure mastery.\r\nWhen they are given all of this, the sky's the limit! My students are diverse learners and can learn anything!Having iPads for all my students to use on an individual basis will ensure higher acquisition rates while working on skills. The focus of iPads for classroom use will include fine motor, visual perceptual and perceptual motor skill development while working on increasing time on task. \r\nThe iPads are advanced tools that help to open the door to new skill development. Repetitious practice with digital lessons, games, and apps can increase student development and help generalize skills for real-life like increasing eye contact using eye-contact games, handwriting and tracing apps to practice paper and pencil skills, and remaining on task in an individual area until an app is complete.\r\nNot only do the iPads help with individual skills, they also assist in social interactions with typical peers. By using interactive games and age-appropriate topics and apps on the iPads, my students can increase appropriate social interactions with typical peers in the mainstream. \r\n"
fac8d68cf6e356d3767bc09e23f59b79,Mrs.,MD,2016-10-26 22:37:05,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need 2 chrome books to fully intergrate technology into their daily education. We only have 1 computer in our classroom. Chrome books will develop their skills in technology.,0,1,"Chrome Books For Kindergarten Cuties!My children are terrific creative and curious 5 and 6 year olds! They  have the kindest hearts and a desire to learn that is immeasurable! They LOVE to dance! You should see them dance to Sunshine in My Pocket!!! \r\n\r\nIn just 8 weeks, these kids have progressed dramatically in reading, writing math and MOST importantly social skills. The manners on these kids are outstanding! They are learning to work collaboratively, share and express and deal with their feelings. \r\n\r\nWe are a multiracial school with many cultures to learn from! Many of my students are bilingual and making great gains in acquiring English. The majority of my students qualify for free and reduced meals based on their socio economic status.These chrome books will help level the playing field for my students. We have one computer in comparison to other schools that have several. \r\n\r\nThe foundation for their future begins with the children taking ownership of their learning! My kids are dedicated to learning and they know they have a goal of certain progress in reading and mathematics. These goals are based on state mandated assessments. One of these assessments is given through a computer. Consistent practice on the computer will help my children in becoming proficient in computer skills. This is the foundation for scoring well on the computer given math test. \r\n\r\nBetter test scores will get my children placed in advanced classes and put them on the right track for college readiness and success. Moreover,using the computer is FUN!"
7142d2e713b37d72ae501b357005f4e4,Ms.,TX,2016-05-24 14:59:43,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need more exposure to a variety of colleges!,1,1,"KU exposure!The students at my school are unique in the sense that they wake up each morning ready to take on a new day despite any hardships they may be personally facing! The students here are ones who may not get to experience things the \""typical\"" child would. Imagine not ever going to the zoo as a child, or never getting to take a weekend trip to the movie theater. Believe it or not many of the children here may not get to experience such simple pleasures. \r\n\r\nThe learning environment here is very rigorous and  many of the students are ELL (English Language Learners) and need visuals and concrete examples to better help them learn. The children here need to constantly remain engaged in the learning all the while having fun! The teachers and staff here try to expose them to all of the pleasures that come with childhood all the while maintaining a structured and meaningful learning environment! \r\nIn the upcoming school year, our classroom will be themed after the University of Kansas. I want my scholars to be extremely exposed to multiple colleges, but specifically this university. I want my scholars to  feel like they belong there long before they even apply to college. \r\n\r\nI want my scholars to have spirit! I want them to be proud of our classroom university! With these items my scholars will be able to appreciate and cherish the university.  The logo will be everywhere as a reminder of the path that lies ahead of them. These items will be a reminder to go farther and do greater things."
161ff0cc908e03dec6bfe1a2152d3107,Ms.,IL,2016-07-17 18:28:39,Grades 6-8,Music & The Arts,"Music, Performing Arts","My students need storage bags for whiteboards which will hold markers and cleaning cloths, cleaning cloths for whiteboards which students will use to clean the whiteboards, a timer, and sticker dots for classroom activators.",137,1,"Whiteboard Madness! Storage for WhiteboardsMy middle school General Music classroom is a place of creativity, sharing, and learning. In general music class, students develop foundation skills by performing on instruments, analyzing music, and deciphering music notation. \r\n\r\nThe students attend a metropolitan middle school in a large city in the Midwest. Ninety-seven percent of the student population identifies as Hispanic, and  ninety-eight percent of the student population is low income. My students are ambitious learners, excited to learn about the world around them, and eager to learn how to play musical instruments.The students in music class use whiteboards on a very frequent basis. Middle school students love writing on whiteboards, erasing them, and writing on them again. Students will use the requested supplies to work in small groups and alone to make their thinking visible for all students to see and to check for understanding of concepts and skills. \r\nWhiteboard activities support learning in music by providing opportunities for students to connect to prior knowledge, practice skills, and check for understanding. Whiteboard activities also create opportunities to collaborate with classmates, and are fun! The sticker dots and timer will be used in interactive activities, hands on activities which support learning of music."
5bb91053d2aa8e2d885096d445ffd0d3,Ms.,FL,2016-08-03 19:18:40,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need choices for flexible seating to make learning more comfortable. They also need bookcases so that I can display all of their classroom books.,0,0,"A Middle School Flexible Seating ApproachI am an English/Language Arts teacher for 6th and 7th grade students at a school located in a small city north of Miami. The school is a Title 1, A-rated, K-12 school with a high school that feeds into the university on which the school is located. \r\n\r\nThe school is also known as a public laboratory school. Students are selected for the school based on a lottery system. I am a part of a team of teachers throughout the school who have decided to implement alternative seating this school year.Students learn best when they are in a comfortable, relaxed learning environment. Students also learn best when they have choices. I would like to offer alternative seating choices to my middle school students so that they can be creative and work collaboratively in a setting conducive to their needs. I would like to display a variety of leveled books in an organized manner in the reading nook area of my classroom so that they can easily see and choose books, and so that they can \""curl-up\"" and read. I want my students to feel welcome and \""at home\"" in my classroom."
d8b996aa733f27f8b7ebdbc14b160f72,Teacher,FL,2016-08-04 00:41:01,Grades 9-12,"Applied Learning, Math & Science","College & Career Prep, Mathematics",My students need general supplies for STEM based projects. Graph paper for drawing geometric shapes and art supplies for creating projects will assist my students in truly learning the logic of the math involved.,0,0,"Hands on STEM Projects for Real World Geometry ApplicationsThe high school where I teach is in a lower income county. Most students qualify for government assistance. Despite the hardships, I have some very bright students that work very hard to get ahead in life. Many of my students go on to take upper level math such as Pre-Calculus and Calculus in high school.\r\nThere is a lot of activity in my classroom and that is how I like it. Students learn more when given the chance to explore.\r\nBy having the necessary supplies to do the hands on projects I have planned, my students will have a better learning experience. Not only will they find Geometry to be fun and exciting, but they will also be able to explain how and why they are able to solve real world problems using Geometric theorems. \r\n\r\nThey will be developing many of the theorems and formulas on their own with some guidance from me by working together to come up with solutions to problems based on mathematical rules they have learned in the past and building on those.  By having something concrete to work with it will help students to solidify their learning, rather than just having to work with abstract ideas."
69697a6e42c3f308855010d93cb0724a,Mrs.,CA,2016-08-28 12:53:32,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need to stay connected to current events and Scholastic News builds ELA skills and content knowledge made specifically for my fourth graders that will also create high interest and keep my students informed.,0,1,"Read, Grow, and Stay Connected!I have a wonderful group of 4th graders that come from very diverse backgrounds. They represent a broad spectrum of racial, socioeconomic and cultural identities. Many of them were born in another country, 70% have a home language other than English, and 30% are not proficient in English, 40% receive special education or English language services, and 100% receive a free or reduced lunch. They are eager, demonstrate a willingness to learn, and are 100% open to new experiences. While many students provide support they need for each other to stay engaged and feel comfortable in a new environment, some students need additional opportunities for interaction, structure, movement, and an outlet for built up energy to learn.My students need to be provided with high-interest books that will engage them to want to read. Scholastic News will keep students informed about current events and the variety of books selected will engage students to want to read. My students come from a high poverty neighborhood and many of them are English learners. Many have not discovered the love of learning and reading. Many of them do not have books at home, and books that they want to read are snatched up quickly, lost, or even destroyed in our small library. All of my students deserve access to books that peak their interest and make them want to read. \r\n\r\nThese materials will tap into the interests of my students and engage them to current events today at their level, as well provide books that interest them, are fun, and will spark a love of reading. \r\n\r\n\r\n"
b60a6736b3e7b219c0af086de7031939,Mr.,NY,2017-01-05 17:44:14,Grades 9-12,History & Civics,History & Geography,My students need a Touch Screen Chrome Book to help better their education. In my classroom students enjoy playing games to make global studies more interesting. Getting a Touch Screen Chrome Book will excite my students.,18,1,"Chrome Book for the KidsMy students work hard everyday and love to learn about global history,  they always are positive and energetic with a passion for knowledge. My students are working towards their goal of graduation every day in class, and learning new information. They aspire to do great things and acheive their dreams,  life is an adventure and they will suceed at any cost.  Their dreams and goals will be met as they work non stop to acheive greatness and reach their goals at any cost.A Touch Screen Chrome Book will be a great addition to my classroom. My students enjoy using new technology to have a better learning experience. The Touch Screen Chrome Book allows my students to learn by playing educational games and doing research on different topics.\r\n    My students will benefit from the Touch Screen Chrome Book because it will give them different options to learn with. Students enjoy using games rather then just taking notes to learn. Getting a Touch Screen Chrome Book will allow them to use websites like quizlet and castle learning to learn about new topics. The Touch Screen Chrome Book provides more resources for students to do research and projects. By using a Touch Screen Chrome Book for projects it will help students get better grades from using the more advanced technology that comes with it.\r\n   A Touch Screen Chrome Book will give the students greater opportunities to succeed after high school. The knowledge that comes with using a Touch Screen Chrome Book will help students do better in college and give them better chances at getting a job then someone that isn't experienced in computers.\r\n   The Touch Screen Chrome Book will give my students different learning options then other materials and will give them a new way to learn about topics. The chrome book will also help benefit students after high school. The Touch Screen Chrome Book will make a difference in my students learning and improve their school life."
66adcf9f14d8678b01acadce65f25a08,Mr.,CA,2016-06-07 14:06:11,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need two sets of guided reading text sets and evidence based card sets.,0,0,"Ravenous Readers!My students are a wonderful group of 2nd and 3rd grade learners at an I.B. School in Southern California.  Students at an I.B. school are immersed in an international program that fosters the development of asking questions and empowering them to seek out the answers to their questions throughout their learning day.  \r\n\r\nOften, I can't keep reading material out of their hands as they devour book after book and want more texts to satisfy their appetite for new reading material.  \r\n\r\nIt is difficult to teach students to read a variety of genres without a plethora of texts. I am requesting sets of topical texts that include both fiction and non-fiction passages that allow students to satisfy their thirst for knowledge.   My students love the opportunity to grow their knowledge and work with partners in small group centers.  \r\n\r\nStudents will  be working with these texts in small groups to make sure they attain deeper comprehension and are able to make connections across multiple texts about the same subject.\r\n\r\nThese materials will go directly into the hands of students and delight them!"
50a0d1e279c96592cb9b5bb4b3cfaeee,Ms.,NY,2016-10-20 08:33:48,Grades 6-8,"Literacy & Language, Music & The Arts","Literacy, Visual Arts",My students need Samsung Tablets to create photo essays and to use e-reading Apps and Google Classroom.,6,1,"Tablet Love for the LibraryOur school library is a wonderful resource.  My students love coming to the library during class and independently during lunch, because they love the calm environment, the academic resources and the fun activities that take place there.\r\n\r\nWe are a diverse, Title I middle school in Brooklyn, New York.\r\nMany students are first-generation immigrants and speak English as a second language. My students respect each other and work well together. They are motivated, artistic and it's a joy to watch them follow their interests in the library.The school library is a mixed-use space where students come for Media Literacy classes, to work independently and to shop for independent reading and research books. Media Literacy is a class where students learn to critique and produce media - not just literature but also pictures, movies, tv shows, advertisements, and music videos. The average teenager spends an average of 7 hours on screen per day and we believe it's important to teach them to be active thinkers and producers in their digital lives.\r\nIn Media Literacy class, the Samsung Tablets will be used to create powerful photo essays about the students' daily lives. Most students have phones they are able to use for this project, however, in each class there are usually 7-9 students who do not have phones. For students that do not have phones, these tablets will be used as cameras so they can document their school day. During library time, the tablets will have an e-reading program, our local library application and Google Classroom for students that are doing their homework.  These tablets won't be idle for long- between media literacy classes and library reading, they will always have a use!"
b6c9f2316d8229c8de684ba5901476b7,Mrs.,MO,2016-07-01 00:00:38,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need to feel comfortable so they can focus when working on their work independently or reading a book.  I have made many items from squishy balls to silly putty to help my students focus.,0,1,"Flexible Seating for Awesome 1st graders!My students are very special! Despite their many struggles by living in a high poverty area, they come to school excited to ready to learn new things each and everyday.  They love to read and spend time together as a community of learners!! \r\nThe class is filled with energetic and loving boys and girls who grow both emotionally and socially each day!  Nothing is better than seeing their sweet smiling faces as they share their thoughts and ideas.  My students hold a special place in my heart!!\r\nI am returning to the classroom after being a Reading teacher for 12 years. My oh my how things have changed.....flexible seating is the 21st Century!! The bean bags will provide my students a comfortable spot to read their books in our classroom library.  Wobble chairs are the best and most creative invention to help students who may find it challenging to sit and focus on completing their work.  They are so excited to sit in the chairs and bean bags.  I am eager to watch them strive to be the best they can be and enjoy coming to school each day!!"
5c0eb478c675503caa47b17d2417c739,Ms.,IL,2016-10-05 20:13:19,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Health & Wellness",My students need sports and play equipment to utilize during their recess and physical education time.,3,1,"Physical Education Fun for Everyone!My students are the hardest working group of students that I've had the pleasure of teaching.  They are sweet, well-mannered, and so very intelligent.\r\n\r\nWe live in a rural area and our school is very high poverty, leaving several issues to combat.\r\n\r\nSome of my students say that their very favorite place is school.  For some of them, school is the only place that they are looked after, fed meals, and feel cared for.  My heart breaks at the situations that my students are left to deal with at home.  It doesn't seem quite fair that not all kids cannot \""just be kids\"".  I strive to give them a place to grow, learn, and play.Our school does not have a physical education professional. While our students do get 60 minutes of play a day, many children are bored during this time. When we have the opportunity to play outside there is a small playground area to play on, but no equipment to take out for the children to play with. During inside recess in the gymnasium, there are only basketballs to be played with, but most children spend their time sitting and talking with friends. I asked my class, \""what can we do to make recess and PE time more fun and active?\"" Their response was overwhelming as all of them suggested,\r\n\""We want fun things to play with; like soccer balls and footballs, jump ropes and balls and bats, and one of those cool parachutes!\"".\r\nThe equipment that I have requested will make such a difference to these much deserving children. It will benefit not only my class, but the entire school. It will give students an opportunity to get up and moving, organize team and partner sports with their peers, and make PE and recess so much more fun!"
acebfdf061a3d1fbc349a4c500b8f093,Ms.,NY,2016-08-27 12:57:47,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs","My students need a classroom library couch, classroom decorations, and classroom accessories to keep our room organized.",24,0,"The Coolest Classroom!Our school is a Title I school. My first grade class is an ICT, which Integrates special education and general education. Our classroom has a mix of students with disabilities and general education students. We have an array of abilities in our classroom. Some students are below grade level, and some are approaching grade level. Although, our kids are frustrated on many different levels, we hope to strive to create a classroom that is fun, interesting and conducive to learning.At the beginning of the school year, our students are so nervous about entering first grade. We hope to create a classroom that is cool! By creating a classroom that is organized, motivating and fun our students will transition smoothly and will ultimately be more successful. This donation will allow us to transform our library to a comfortable little nook encouraging reading. We will also be able to create a motivating theme with the classroom decorations. The classroom supplies will give us the opportunity to organize the classroom so that all of our students have access to the materials and feel comfortable and safe in their new cool classroom."
f378c60c1b87045996b65df28a827e76,Ms.,AL,2016-08-16 19:37:56,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need 3 iPad minis to use during our Daily 5 reading routine as a means to listen to reading and enhance literacy.,0,1,"Listening = LearningOneonta Elementary is a Title I school with close to 700 students. 51% of these students are eligible for free or reduced lunch. Our school is part of a small city school system rich in tradition and community pride. Our mission is to ensure that each student reaches his or her fullest potential through an educational system characterized by an engaging environment, quality instruction, a highly qualified staff, and a  high level of community support.\r\n\r\nThe students at Oneonta Elementary are part of a diverse, yet close knit community. With a 21% Hispanic population, the technology provided by this project will aid in significantly increasing reading capabilities in the vast number of English Language Learners at OES.The goal for my project is to provide the tools my students need to enhance literacy, familiarize them with the English Language, and instill a love for reading. Young readers and English Language Learners thrive from constant exposure to good literature. Through the use of iPad's, my students will have access to multiple sites and applications that give them exposure to the best literature in audio and visual form. With these tools, my students will be actively engaged in learning each and every day. Their reading capabilities will flourish along with their ability to use technology in our ever advancing society."
9f0342536a83b5b1328e69611e333646,Mrs.,WI,2016-08-16 14:23:34,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,"Health & Wellness, Team Sports","My students need structured play and games for indoor and outdoor recess so that they can learn how to play with others, solve problems and win and loose gracefully.",0,0,"Structured Play for Future Olympians!My students are from low income socioeconomic backgrounds and all students participate in the free lunch program. The students have many different needs and abilities. They are willing to work hard when it is time to learn, but are ready to play when we are out of the classroom. My students love to learn, especially Math and Science. \r\nOur school is an urban public school in the inner city. We educate all students in 4-year-old kindergarten through the fifth grade.My students work hard in the classroom everyday, but need structured play supplies to help during indoor and outdoor recess. This will help them learn how to play with each other in a way that allows them to solve problems without fighting. These supplies will also help my students create a sense of community and teamwork that will follow them into the classroom. Students will be able to take what they learn during recess home and teach siblings how to play games and sports, be a team and be okay with winning or losing. \r\nAlso, my students struggle with having structured free time in school during indoor recess. With structured games, students will learn more skills about teamwork and community outside of physical sports."
5ef3905eacae7e7176dfda5c9e0d4dc1,Ms.,NC,2016-10-14 13:13:16,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Early Development, Special Needs",My students need multi-ethnic and multi-ability toys to learn about diversity and how other people move and feel in their daily lives.,7,1,"Our Differences Make Us Amazing!My students are four and five years old! They are in an \""at risk\"" Pre-K program in a rural public school in North Carolina. Our students come from a variety of different economic backgrounds with over 40% of our students receiving free or reduced lunch.\r\n\r\nI have an energetic group of 15 students who love to play dress-up, build,  and create things with their hands! They will keep you laughing all day long with their stories and drawings. They are very proud of everything they create!This year we are focusing on learning about how our differences and feelings make us who we are. By having dolls that have different skin colors and facial features the students will be able to see that not everyone looks the same. They will also learn that people move and walk in a variety of ways.\r\nLeaning about feelings will help them to cope with the many different situations they see every day. They will learn to express their feelings in a healthy way. Having a soft place to snuggle up in will help when they need to be alone for a few minutes.\r\n"
f7e3cabca4adc6e918afc79bc8c148fd,Ms.,CA,2016-11-28 22:16:54,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need these books to help them understand the diverse world of literature.,17,1,"Books to build empathyMy students are eighth graders at an urban California public school. They represent the cultural and socio-economic diversity of our city. \r\n\r\nMy middle school students arrive in my classroom with a wide range of skills from the highly gifted to second-language learners. \r\n\r\nSome of my English students still read, but many of them have lost or never found the love of reading. These wide-ranging abilities and interest-levels makes it my challenge to find engaging reading material to draw in each of my learners.Literature can help kids understand themselves and the lives of others. Reading about real-life and other-worldly situations, helps students think about their circumstances in new ways. These great titles about characters, from our world or worlds beyond, can help build our classroom library so all students have a book in their hand. \r\n\r\nWithout a school library, our students need access to a wide variety of engaging titles.  And reading fiction has been shown to help young people build empathy. When students read critically, and relate to characters and situations, they are better able to understand how people work in the real world. They can then interact with people with compassion and empathy."
f96fe041e05949388e5d71821e686ac1,Mrs.,TX,2017-01-19 11:23:19,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need 2 Chromebooks to help us learn. These devices will help us learn, create, and have fun!",1,1,"Chromebooks for Little LearnersMy first grade students are full of energy and excitement each and every day. They come to school with a love for learning, and our class is a support system to help keep this love for learning going throughout the entire year. My students are ethnically diverse, economically diverse, and are diverse learners as well.\r\n\r\nMy students are eager to learn, and I am eager to give them the tools they need to succeed. Their excitement each day helps motivate not only one another, but it also helps motivate me to be the best teacher I can be.In our blended learning environment students are highly engaged in technology based activities each day during center time. This is a time where they grow academically through independent work time on our iPads while I am working with a small group on reading or math skills. This helps me target my students' needs in a smaller setting without interruptions. The tools they currently use on the iPads are differentiated according to each child's need. My hope is to get two chromebooks to help broaden the possibilities for technology projects in my classroom.\r\n\r\nMy first grade students are thrilled to work with technology, and these two chromebooks will give us endless opportunities for learning.\r\n"
658b7092c82c28ae711509ea8302a747,Mrs.,HI,2016-10-06 01:44:47,Grades 3-5,"Health & Sports, Special Needs","Health & Wellness, Special Needs","My students need flexible seating options such as wobble stools/cushions, and balance balls, which will allow them to keep their bodies in motion in order to enhance their learning.",0,0,"Move Your Body, Grow Your Brain!This school year I work in a very unique and special setting. My classroom is a large class, and prior to this school year it was used as two classrooms. Inside of the classroom, 3 homerooms of students are housed. That means 60+ students and 3 teachers work together in my class. All three teachers work as a team with all of the students with very flexible and fluid groupings. \r\n\r\nDespite the fact that my students come from a low socioeconomic area and many qualify as living within the poverty level, they continuously surprise me with positive attitudes and a love for learning.  We are a title 1 school, meaning that a large majority of my students receive free or reduced lunch. Many of these students look forward to school because they are fed and feel safe at school. On the other hand, we also have a large population of English Language Learners at our school. Many of my students look forward to having new opportunities presented to them in school because they have very limited experiences otherwise.One area that many students struggle with is focus. Today's classroom environment offers hard, stationary chairs and bright florescent lighting overhead. Today's students, on the other hand, want to MOVE! I know that I cannot focus, let alone stay awake when expected to work in this environment, unless I get up and move. \r\nMy students want the opportunity to be comfortable in their learning environment. We have a few \""special\"" seats in our classroom that have wheels on them and allow students to move while they are learning. When the rolling chairs run out, students beg to trade seats with their classmates and are disappointed when their only option is a normal chair. They ask me why we don't have movable chairs for everyone. I believe that giving my students the opportunity to move while they are learning helps them to stay focused and learn. It will benefit them tremendously both educationally and physically. \r\n"
66cad75f2b613e3c88c762665fad5aac,Mrs.,PA,2017-01-11 18:59:52,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need 2 chrome books to be used in many different and exciting ways!,54,1,"Crazy For Chrome BooksI teach 3rd grade in a wonderfully diverse inner city public school! In my class alone, there are over 10 countries and languages represented. Many of my students are new to the country and are beginning to master the English language. All of my students come to school each day ready and motivated to learn. \r\n\r\nDespite their many differences, my students work hard together, motivating and inspiring each other to do their best!\r\n\r\nWe are facing many budget cuts and my kids do not always have the supplies and resources they deserve. I do my best to buy, gather, trade for the things they need, but there is only so much I can do alone. Together we can make a true difference!I have many students in my class who are new to the USA. They come from a wide variety of countries and speak a wide variety of languages. Most of these students have literacy skills in their native languages that can help as they begin to learn English. These Chrome books will give my eager learners the opportunity to translate their assignments to their language, complete the assignment in their language on the computer, and then copy the translated English version into their paper. Although this may seem vary complicated for an 8 year old, I assure you that my students are so extraordinary that in less then a week, they become google translate experts!\r\n\r\n"
d16b7a2fd413d9ea297b59c8f06256f8,Mrs.,PA,2016-07-30 13:37:57,Grades PreK-2,"Health & Sports, Applied Learning","Health & Wellness, Other",My students need Balance Ball Chairs to transfer their kinetic energy to maintain focus to be able to maximize their full potential in the classroom.,3,1,"Engaging The MindMy students are in 2nd grade in a diminutive, urban neighborhood in Pennsylvania. Due to 85% of the student population falling below poverty level, the students are eligible for free lunch from school. \r\n\r\nMy students are energetic learners and enjoy movement in the classroom. Students participate in differentiated learning groups throughout the day to incorporate movement. Students also are provided \""brain breaks\"" throughout the day to get them out of their seats and release energy. I am a strong believer in not only exercising your mind, but also your body to focus, grow, and learn.According to the Livestrong Foundation, when students utilize stability balls, both sides of their brain are actively engaged. When the brain is stimulated, it is more focussed on learning. This results in students being able to better concentrate on exams, note-taking, class discussions, and other areas in the classroom.\r\n\r\nHaving a classroom with a variety of students who possess individual and unique learning styles and challenges, I recognize the need for alternative seating. Allowing the students to redirect their \""fidgiting\"" by using stability balls will aid in helping them express excess energy and help them focus. \r\n\r\nIn this specific project, I plan on using the stability ball chairs in guided reading and math groups. With education constantly changing, I believe the way a classroom is set up should also be changing to meet all learners needs."
2fb252cd24efd5dc54a71c5d9ce5e0b9,Mrs.,CA,2016-09-13 22:59:40,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need a carpet to sit on during our meeting time.,15,1,"\""Never Be Afraid to Sit a While and Think!\""Our school is located the second smallest city in Los Angeles County. Our elementary school is 552 students strong. We have 1 percent African American, and 98 percent Latinos. We have a 90percent socioeconomically disadvantaged population and 4 percent foster youth. 100% of our students get free lunch.\r\n     \r\n   Despite the many challenges they face, my students arrive every morning full of life, ready to learn, and excited to get started on our day. I do my best to provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences.Every morning we begin our learning by coming to the rug and setting our goals for the day. We come together to begin our activities and we come together to end our activities. We also come to the carpet to just have independent reading time. The carpet area is crucial part of our learning space.\r\n\r\n       \r\n        My students are currently, sitting in a torn, stained carpet that continues to deteriorate every day.  Some of the strings have begun to run and the students can no longer just sit and focus. They have began to pull and tug at the disintegrating carpet.\r\n\r\n\r\n      This carpet will allow my students to have a nice, clean and soft place where we can meet and learn. They need a place where they can sit, focus and not worry about their seating coming apart."
bd48eb2a2a46bfc9457bbae769095f34,Mrs.,TX,2016-08-30 15:55:58,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need cd players so they can hear phonics sounds.,0,1,"Learning to ReadMost of my students come from low socioeconomic backgrounds with little to no educational support at home.  \r\n\r\nMany of my reading classes consist of students that struggle with reading.  Parents either don't have the interest or the educational background to help their children practice reading at home.  \r\n\r\nI have several ESL students that have a very hard time reading the English language.  Their parents at home read very little to no English, so the at home support is very difficult to achieve.Students will be able to use these CD players easily because they are made for children of this age.  They will be manipulating the CD player in  learning stations that are student led. This will benefit all of the students in my classroom each day.\r\n\r\nStudents will be using the program Hooked on Phonics to practice phonics sounds to listen to common sounds that they have trouble with.  The repetition heard on the CD's are great for retention when they are encountered with the same sounds while reading.  This also a wonderful tool to help with ESL students that have the limited vocabulary and sounds."
d43ce30e63d436d764dcfeba4fae661a,Ms.,TX,2016-08-11 21:22:03,Grades 9-12,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Team Sports",My students need Dollamur cheerleading mats for safety in our gym to incorporate stunting and tumbling. Our gym is made of hardwood floor and the girls don't have any safety when it comes to performing.,0,1,"Small District With Large SpiritFocused, determined, devoted and proud sum up the group of girls that I am blessed to be able to coach during their high school cheerleading career. I am the Instructional Technologist and cheer coach to a wonderful group of hardworking and dedicated girls. Being a high poverty school district with little funding, we do majority of the fund raising ourselves as well as paying for uniforms and camp out of our own pockets. It goes without saying that my girls could get discouraged knowing that a lot of our surrounding districts are able to fund and provide supplies and equipment that we simply cannot. However, for as long as the program has been around, they've simply made-do with what they had and did it with a thankful heart. I want to give back to these girls with the equipment and supplies they, too, so rightfully deserve.Our gym currently doesn't have any safety mats for stunting and we are low on supplies to increase spirit and togetherness inside our school including paint, paper, and paint brushes. These girls want to be the very best they can and can only do so with adequate safety and supplies to match that of other districts with higher SES and fundings. \r\nBy providing these mats and paint supplies for the cheerleaders, I believe they will be inspired that much more to be the best leaders and role models for our district. Just because we don't receive the large funding as other school districts do, that doesn't mean we can't smile and take what we have and are given with a grateful and servant's heart. Cheerleading is now considered a part of the UIL and we wish to raise enough money to be able to compete at the competition, but won't be able to if we spend our money elsewhere. The girls need the safety mats above anything else; only then can we practice to our full potential and better our program in a chance to compete with other schools of our size. Thank you all for your time and consideration."
76e57187e60eeb49fc9eac2cef5d6f5f,Mrs.,CA,2017-03-24 20:54:33,Grades PreK-2,"Math & Science, Music & The Arts","Mathematics, Visual Arts","My students need 6 bee bots, 6 clear backpacks, card stock, Magna Tiles,  and Twist-up crayons.",129,1,"Building Math Skills!I am excited about my students starting a new school year. I want them to have as many positive experiences as they can. They attend a Title I school in Los Angeles. They are second language learners attending a school that services preschool to fifth grade. My students are thinkers, leaders, and change makers. Ninety-nine percent of our students qualify for the federal lunch program. My students come from hardworking families who support their education. \r\nMy students are 25 wonderful kindergarten and first graders who are learning a new language and are very motivated. They love to be read to and want to learn everything they can.The chance for my students to incorporate their learning from the classroom to family fun time would be amazing. I want my students to build their math vocabulary and confidence level when explaining how to play math games to their family.\r\nThe Magna-tiles will help my students build strategies with games and give them practice at solving problems.  Magna-Tiles will be used to learn more about shapes through play!  They will help develop fine motor skills as students stack tiles, make flat patterns, and 3-D shapes. Their continued practice will lead them in creating complex towers and buildings as they collaborate with family about what works in building larger structures.  Magna-Tiles will help the child's family hold conversations using mathematical terms, and build critical developmental skills.  \r\nThe Bee-bot is ideal for helping kids understand cause & effect, directional language, and early programming. My students can make plans with their parents, and draw maps with the twist-up crayons.  They can make the path of how to get the bee to its home. Bee-bots would be great great technology for positional words, mathematical language development, and problem solving.  \r\nEvery item requested will help my students improve their understanding of the math concepts previously taught in class.  My students will have the opportunity to check out the games on a rotating basis using the clear backpacks to get items to and from school safely.  All students will be able to use the games at home with their family. It is essential that the students know they can learn in and out of the classroom. It is important for students to be able to verbalize what they are trying to accomplish and communicate their understanding with others so that they are able to work collaboratively."
1c0ccf06b7acbfed49052ce9bc4369d6,Mr.,OH,2016-06-13 17:22:33,Grades 9-12,"Literacy & Language, Music & The Arts","Literacy, Visual Arts","My students need three Samsung digital cameras to generate content for school videos, online and print publications, and community outreach possibilities.",0,1,"Empowering Students Through Digital ArtistryYou can't just give someone a creativity injection. You have to create an environment for curiosity and a way to encourage people and get the best out of them. Our students have the willingness to create; my goal is to help give them the environment and the support to do so. \r\n\r\nOur students are creative, spontaneous and adventurous; they need an outlet for all this energy. Many of them face struggles that are beyond comprehension. They are my superheroes. The strength they bring with them to school everyday is the fuel which inspires me. With 100% of our students identifying as at risk for poverty, financial hardship and qualifying for free/reduced lunch, the struggle is real. These students are eager and willing; they will bite at any opportunity to explore, create, and learn. Together, we can let them! \r\nStudents should be integral part of the school and its success through partnership with other students, staff, parents, and the community.  In order to achieve this goal, students must be empowered and taught how to effectively promote the school both internally and externally. Through my experiences, one of the most powerful tools we have is digital media. \r\n\r\nThrough exposure to the digital arts, students will learn life-long habits of mind that will allow to become leaders in their fields. Students will create, maintain, and monitor an online presence, build strong oral and written communication skills, learn the value of interdependence and autonomy, and find success in creating a product that people are interested in engaging with. \r\n\r\nThe objective of our digital imaging and publication production class is an ambitious one. Figuratively speaking, we are giving the students the keys to the school. In addition to capturing and generating content for Horizon Science Academy Toledo's online presence, students in this class will be tasked with engaging members of the community, staff, and other students in creating and implementing service projects, and giving tours of the school to important guests. Please consider giving to this ambitious project! \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n"
b43f70d1ef619d67d20d66065d5e594e,Mrs.,TX,2016-12-13 13:01:33,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need Toon books in the classroom to help my them become lifelong readers. Toon books provide at meaningful way for students to read with the use of colorful visuals.,2,1,"Super Readers!- Comic Books for ChildrenAs a teacher in a Title One school, I teach students from all cultures and languages. Many students come into the classroom with little to no English or academic experiences. While they may not speak the language, they are still excited to learn and be a part of our class family. Many of our families frequently move from home to home. It is important for the classroom to be a safe, comfortable, and a reliable place for students to come and learn. \r\nThe \""14 Prize-Winning TOON Books for Grades K-3\"" is a great resource for my Kindergarten students. Providing a wide variety of books for my students will encourage them to read.  \r\n\r\nThe many different reading levels this grade appropriate set provides, allows the children the opportunity to choose books that fit their individual needs. The strong visual comic book style of these books is a great way for students to comprehend what they are reading. \r\n\r\nWhile the focus is to promote reading, it will also help to motivate my students to become great writers as well. This set will serve as a great mentor text for students to use when generating ideas for writing. \r\n\r\n"
6827bc1d63f1f56b06d6d537c4b58fd8,Ms.,NJ,2016-11-06 18:24:04,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need this carpet for me to have assigned seating so they can focus and understand so much better during my teaching lessons on the rug.,0,1,"Find Your Colored Square!My school is located in New Brunswick, NJ. I have 26 students this year in my class. This school is a Title 1 school, so my students receive breakfast and free and reduced lunches. Almost all of my students supplies are bought by myself before the start of school. I make sure that they have everything they need to succeed. This year I am in a regular ed class, although I have some students who have IEP's. They need as much routine in their life to help them succeed in the classroom and learn to their fullest ability.Having a rug with specific spots will help me to be able to make assigned seats. Having assigned seats for my students will benefit them to learn much better out of their desk seats but also away from any friends that might distract them.\r\n Right now, my students are just selecting any seat they want during my lessons on the floor which causes me to stop my lessons many times throughout just ONE mini lesson due to the chatter and distractions.  With this carpet my students will have the ability to learn during my reading/writing lessons without being distracted by any friends around them."
ee3eb74dba7f267fb0f0938ec882e2b3,Mrs.,WA,2016-11-07 15:46:53,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need 58 copies of The Alchemist to read as they prepare to go on their own journey in June after they graduate.,0,1,"Help us read Santiago's journey as we begin our own!My students in class are working to be ready for success in college. We are working to read rigorous text that challenges them to think critically about the world and their place in it. My goal for them this year is to leave as better readers, writers and human beings. \r\n\r\n Many of my students will be first generation high school graduates and I am pushing them to become first generation college graduates. The school I work at is very diverse and has a high rate of free and reduced lunch. These students are the bravest, smartest, kindest students you will ever meet who overcome many challenges daily to just make it to school. They deserve the chance to read diverse materials and challenge themselves on their way to shattering people's expectations for them and not allowing themselves to become a statistic.The novel, The Alchemist, is a great example of an epic tale of a young man going to a journey. He meets different people along the way, makes mistakes, and gains wisdom throughout the story.\r\n\r\nStudents learn that life is about the journey, not the destination and I believe that this novel is imperative for all of my 12th grade students to read as they prepare for graduation. This novel shows them that their success, or failure in life is up to them. They need to seize every opportunity to learn or grow from and that making mistakes is an integral part of life. Mistakes show growth, and we're learning to not make the same ones over and over again!\r\n\r\nStudents who have read this in the past say this is the single book that made the biggest impact on their life. It showed them that what we do every day, our attitude and perspective shape where we go and what we do in life. I want my students to leave better readers and writers, and they do. The ultimate goal I have for them, is to leave better people. To think for themselves, to have empathy and respect for one another and to push themselves to be the best version of themselves they can be. This book is instrumental in that learning. Please partner with me to bring this to my students."
2cea5be7613c4543de5a163ceed12f3e,Mrs.,CA,2016-04-28 13:47:10,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Mathematics, Special Needs","My students need math games such as Loose Change, Sum Swamp, Equate, and Head Full of Numbers so that they can generalize their math skills in fun ways.",14,1,"Generalizing Our Math SkillsLearning out of a text book is fine, but kids need to be able to generalize their skills in other ways. They needs hands-on practice in order to solidify their skills and to be able to utilize them in every day life. This ESPECIALLY applies to student who have autism.My students are 6th to 8th graders that all have the disability of Autism Spectrum Disorder. Some of my students are very verbal and can have simple conversations, while others are nonverbal and need pictures to communicate. While they are all very limited in their social and communication skills, they are not limited at all in their ability to learn! My job is to find the right methods and modalities to teach them effectively.When you teach a child with autism a new skill, they can usually only apply it in that one situation in that very specific way that it was taught to them. They need opportunities to generalize that skill. One way that we do generalization is through board games. The board games that I am asking for will help us to generalize learned math skills. These specific board games work on skills such as money, multiplication, division, counting, and equation building. Board games not only allow us to generalize learned academic skills, but they also work on social skills such as turn taking, staying on task, and having conversations.Kids with autism learn through a variety of ways. In order for them to really learn a skill, opportunities for generalization are essential. Your donations will help my students to generalize important math skills. They will also help them work on and improve their social skills. My job, as a middle school special education teacher, is to help prepare my students for high school and for their future. Your donations will help me to do that. Thank you in advance for your generous contribution."
dc33b256f17cfd4d14103e5eb813f4c7,Mrs.,SD,2016-08-05 20:25:09,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Health & Wellness",My students need the wobble chairs and seat cushions to enhance the classroom and give them opportunities to be active in their seats.,1,1,"Flexible Seatin in 4th GradeAlthough I do not know my students yet, I know that they will come in full of energy, passion, and enthusiasm. Because of this, I realize they need to have opportunities to move and stay active within the classroom. I try very hard to give them these opportunities through activities and classroom set-up.\r\nFourth grade students are generally between the ages of 9-10. They a variety of activities and are each motivated in unique ways. I look forward to meeting them and helping them to unlock their learning potential.\r\nI envision my students using the flexible seating options to create a more engaging classroom. Blogger Kayla Delzer states \""if student motivation and higher engagement is truly the desired end game, then we as teachers must adapt right along with our students in our classrooms. To see that some classrooms look the same now as they did 70 years ago is shameful.\"" (edutopia, 2016). Students will be able to choose the seat (wobble chairs or seat cushions) that works best for their learning at that time. This may be based on their activity level or the task that they are completing. Students will learn that they must take charge of their learning and do what works best for them in order to become successful.\r\n\r\nStudents lives will be changed because they will come to school each day to a place that is comfortable and individualized.\r\nA child who can't sit still in their desk and chair will not feel hopeless. It will create a classroom that is student-centered and focuses on student engagement and individuality."
a1b255789d67d6db6867fa184a331f72,Mrs.,GA,2016-08-22 16:02:29,Grades 6-8,"Health & Sports, Special Needs","Health & Wellness, Special Needs","My students need to use the Chromebooks to access educational activities. They will be able to use Google classroom to re-watch previously taught lessons, makeup assignments, and post comments for feedback on essential questions.",2,1,"Sparking Excitement by Melding Mathematics and TechnologyMany of my students have not yet discovered their love for learning and see math as an obstacle to avoid rather than a challenge to face and learn from. I hope to instill in them a zest for learning mathematics and hope they one day say that \""Mistakes are my friend!\""\r\n     They are bright and delightful children, who are the most caring young men and women I have met.  We are located in a beautiful, small, rural town with the population being mostly filled with college students from the local university. Many of the residents, my student's parents included, work in the retail or food industry here in town. Many of the children are not motivated to increase their knowledge. They appear not to have the drive to either seek a higher education nor improve upon their current economic status.I am requesting 2 Acer Chromebooks for use in my classroom. At school, I teach and re-teach the mathematics standards. My students need the technology to practice the standards with educational activities. The Chromebooks will help increase their number sense and calculation skills whilst utilizing technology.\r\nMany of my students do not have access to the internet once the school day ends.\r\nThey would benefit tremendously from having easy access to technology right inside my classroom. In today's tech-based arena, familiarity with current technology will prove to be advantageous for all of my students.\r\n\r\nWe presently do not have a working computer lab within our school building. Travel time leads to loss of instructional time. With the Acer Chromebooks at the ready, my students would be able to utilize the never-ending educational tools that await them online. Teachable moments and spontaneous inquiries can be converted into action with just a few steps and button clicks! No more wasted time traveling to and fro across campus at the hopes that the computer lab is available."
fb726087142e14968d3d989c493aea9a,Ms.,OK,2017-03-14 14:45:09,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need 6 tablets for learning by doing with ICT.,4,0,"Get Closer to the Real World!The Oklahoma Department of Education grades schools on a A-F grading scale. My school's grade is a D. My school has also gone through significant changes in its staffing and the children will notice more new faces than old this year. I want my students to know I won't give up on them, and that I will give them the best education possible.\r\n\r\nMy school is located on the south side of Oklahoma City, in which students are from low income, Hispanic homes and 100% of students qualify for free or reduced-price lunch. My students are not really setup for success in our district, they receive the least amount of funding and attention. In my students I see hope, dreamers, and future leaders of America. I want my students to be able to come back to the community to uplift others to succeed. It is my top priority to give each and every one of them the same opportunity as the rest of the world.My students will learn how to use new technologies, which is very important nowadays and, at the same time will learn and review important concepts about all the school subjects.\r\nTechnology is essential in our daily life, so children should be exposure to technology as much as possible.\r\nThis new supplies will help increase my kids motivation towards learning. My children will also feel more confident as regards the use of tablets. They will play, read, write, create, draw, discover, search, share, connect and have fun while learning a new world that for them was unknown until today. Thank you so much for your help."
4ab9a1cce54911fd5fb7e4f6238dc225,Mrs.,MD,2016-08-12 08:34:02,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need materials to complete the amazing and challenging judobots!,1,0,"Hydraulic JudobotsThis is the first year that students in my middle school will be introduced to a STEM classroom.  I cannot wait to see their eyes light up as they dive into real-world problems that require them to apply what they have learned in the classroom.  \r\n\r\nOur school serves a diverse population that will benefit from the hands-on approach to learning that I intend to implement within my classroom. Some of my students come from challenging backgrounds, and I hope to inspire them to enter into the STEM fields through the activities in my class.  I cannot wait to create the classroom of my dreams.Judobots are such an engaging activity for my STEM students.  Over the course of many class periods, the students design a hydraulic Judobot.  The ultimate goal is to create a Judobot that will be undefeated in our class challenge. \r\n\r\nJudobots are a great way for students to showcase their knowledge of simple machines and hydraulics.  The Judobots are created to their imagination- I will provide guidance if requested, but refrain from giving them step by step instructions.  The Judobot that they need to create must have a base, a body that can pivot left and right, and an arm that can pivot up and down.  The students thoroughly enjoyed this project in my STEM club.  I cannot wait to bring it into my classroom!"
835976b3e023e1759a090d20fd382480,Teacher,CO,2017-02-04 11:32:45,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need Fraction Manipulatives to have a fraction equivalent understanding.,5,1,"Hands-on FractionsMy students are from a really small, close knit, low income community. They are mainly ranchers or farm hand students. They are very high energy and excited about learning. They are very respectful and caring students. The students of the school raise money by bringing in loose change to adopt local families for the holidays. Our school is a Blue Ribbon School for closing achievement gaps. Our school tries as much as it can to give back to the community. Because of this, teachers are very involved in the community and with their families.Students struggle to understand fractions, but using manipulatives helps each student develop a stronger understanding of fractions. In fourth grade, students have to add/subtract unlike denominators, find equivalencies, compare fractions and multiply fractions.\r\nAll students struggle with these concepts, but fraction tiles help them from a better hands-on understanding. This will allow them to manipulate fractions for comparisons. See what 1/12 really is compared to 1/4. See that they can clearly not be added or subtracted as they are. They can develop a stronger concept understanding of fractions rather than an abstract view of fractions which most kids develop because they do not have the availability of fraction tiles."
378a844abc4b4ce19a9ccbe581f50144,Mrs.,OH,2016-08-11 14:46:43,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need bouncy bands and stability balls to encourage them to stay \""ON TARGET\"" in the classroom.  My students need the opportunity to move in the classroom, and these items will provide this.",6,1,"Bouncing to SuccessOur class motto is: \""I'm not telling you it's going to be easy, I'm telling you it's going to be worth it!\""  It is this motto that leads our instructional time.  \r\n\r\nThe 125 sixth, seventh, and eighth grade students, in my gifted and talented classroom are among the brightest students in the district. They are usually anxious to learn and willing to stand up to the challenges I present to them in class. \r\n\r\nStudents are given a 20 minute recess time at lunch and most will have a PE class at some point throughout the school year.  This however, is the limit of the required physical activity during the school day.  \r\n\r\nThey attend a public school in Ohio.The junior high students in my classroom would like the stability balls and bounce cords because after sitting all day, they have excess energy.  This causes them, at times, to struggle when trying to focus on the complex concepts they are being presented with in my Gifted classroom.  \r\n\r\nThese materials will allow my students to eliminate excess energy, in a manner that is nondisruptive to the classroom.  They will find themselves focusing on the daily lessons, and thus will be able to absorb the material more readily.  \r\n\r\nThey want to stay \""On Target\"" in the classroom, so that they can achieve high levels of success."
9d4610fa9bbf3f0085930767cf4d3b29,Mrs.,FL,2016-05-25 19:46:29,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","Character Education, Literacy",My students need Charlotte's Web books without missing pages and Cd's.                    .,4,1,"TERRIFIC Web Spinning TextEvery year my incoming students become more and more diverse than any year past. Approximately 50% of our school is on Free or reduced lunch. With each passing year we grow higher than that. My students are of several different ethnic backgrounds, and several speak other languages at home. Some students have parents that only speak their native languages, making it difficult for those children to get assistance with the English language at home. Many students grow tremendously throughout the year, and a big part of this is through rich text.By donating to our project you will make it possible for students to have in hand a Quality Literature Text. This warm text introduces today's students to vocabulary , culture, and the importance of true friendship and loyalty. Things many of the students in today's society only experience through such literature. Students will learn story structure and skills throughout, and learn how to make 'WEBS' of their own, from Vocabulary to story structures, skills and qualities in friendship and their communities.Understanding vocabulary, story structures and plots is crucial to a students comprehension. I believe it goes without even saying that comprehending what they read will Instill the love of reading and learning in other areas throughout their lives. This combined with the character education this text provides will also make them lifelong contributers to their communities, and perhaps throughout the world!"
3bea2999e3c4aadf6e41c4986a21f2e5,Mrs.,HI,2016-09-27 21:27:42,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Health & Life Science,My students need 20 compound microscopes to enrich their learning and understanding of cell biology.,0,1,"Scoping Out Cells!My school is comprised of approximately 800 middle school students, 97 percent of whom come from military families. With such a high percentage of military families, the student population is incredibly transient. Only about 30% of students that begin with us in the 6th grade will be with us in the 8th grade. Our time with the students in this school is limited and precious. \r\n\r\nUnfortunately, resources at my school are incredibly limited. For example, there are only about 10 functional microscopes to be shared between 4 life science classrooms and 250 7th grade students. \r\nThe accessibility of microscopes in my classroom will allow students to build a concrete understanding of cellular biology, which is typically an abstract and challenging concept for middle school minds.  Through the use of microscopes, students will be able to compare types of cells, look at their own epithelial cells, and explore the structure of different organelles.   \r\n\r\nIn order to be inquisitive science learners, my students must have access to the tools and technologies that bring the abstract ideas of science to life. These microscopes will allow students to tackle more complex biological ideas and bring the models seen in textbooks to life, preparing students for more advanced science courses and inspiring them to be life long learners."
04a0a2900cbafc5715c68e543cafff02,Mr.,AL,2016-06-03 15:00:49,Grades 6-8,Health & Sports,Team Sports,"My students need training hurdles, starting blocks, and discuses to practice with.",0,1,"Racing Towards Our GoalThe students that this school serves are from a poverty stricken area in North Alabama. The school is considered Title 1, which basically means that based on household income, over 50% of the school's students qualify for free or reduced lunch. Our school features 100% free lunch due to incredibly low household incomes. \r\nOur students do not let their environment set their expectations. Though society sees them as underprivileged they posses the grit and tenacity to thrive; and that is evident when they perform on the track. This past season we won the majority of the meets within the district, and traveled to other cities in North Alabama and made a name for ourselves. In our Championship meet this season, though riddled with injury and dwindling numbers, our school outperformed every other school in attendance. They run with a chip on their shoulder, with something to prove, and they rise above expectations.Practice does not make perfect, practice makes things permanent. As a coach, I always train my athletes to realize that the way that they practice is the way that they are going to perform. We train hard, and we run hard, but we have limited resources to train with. We do the best with what we have, and we are recognized as the \""team to beat\"" within the district, but our dreams go far beyond Huntsville, Al.\r\nIf you are the biggest fish in your pond, the pond is not big enough. Our school track team, that uses folding chairs as hurdles and trains on a 300m cement \""track\"", is the best within our district but we have our sights set on national recognition. My students have so much potential and can use athletics as an outlet to get out of their current situation but can't reach their full potential without having the necessary tools to do so."
8a6265e0864d61dd6f2f471b7d8beffa,Mrs.,CA,2016-09-03 23:13:44,Grades PreK-2,"Math & Science, Literacy & Language","Applied Sciences, Literature & Writing",My students need many resources like science and language art kits to explore and learn.,12,1,"Early Learning and Exploring Always Wins!Our school serves children living in a  high poverty area.  My Transitional Kindergarten students are special because this is the first time most of them have attended school.  Many of them have never held a book, painted, or used manipulatives to learn math and science.  My students are like sponges and eager to learn and try new things.  The more resources I have available for them to learn and explore, the more prepared they will be when they enter Kindergarten.  \r\nMy students need math, science, and language arts manipulatives so that they can experience learning hands on.  Many of the items we need will help with fine motor development like the easy grip scissors and handi-writer sets.  \r\n\r\nThe science and math kits will help my students explore the world around them.  With these kits my students will become better thinkers and more creative.\r\n\r\nThe language arts alphabet tubs will help my students develop literacy skills and prepare them for reading in Kindergarten.\r\n\r\nThere are other supplies like a parachute, and character building stories that will help develop gross motor skills and help them to get along with others."
cb6b69cce5956933eeb82b7314f2b0ad,Mrs.,OK,2016-08-02 16:16:07,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need daily school supplies of pencils, erasers, glue sticks, and dry erase markers to help them learn Math everyday.",3,1,"Everyday Supplies are Needed for Mathematicians!!My school is in a urban setting in Oklahoma which serves about 750 students.\r\nNinety-nine percent of the students qualify for free or reduced priced lunch. An estimate of 150 students will be learning math in my classroom. My students come from a variety of backgrounds and experiences. Most of the students come from high poverty and are considered high risk, therefore, they are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide my students with the daily school supplies they need.  My students will be seventh graders that are willing to learn math everyday.My students will be able to learn strategies when daily school supplies will be provided for them. Many of my students do not carry school supplies with them, and therefore struggle to keep up with class notes and homework as they come unprepared to class. Pencils and erasers will be available upon request when needed.  Dry erase markers will be used daily when working on whiteboards to solve math problems.  This method teaches students that it's okay to make mistakes and learn from their mistakes.  Glue sticks will be used on projects that will be done throughout the school year.\r\n\r\nMy students success should not be limited because of their economic status and background.\r\nBy donating to this project, you are giving my students the opportunity to learn how to stay prepared by being creative and becoming math enriched. Students love to own their work."
9ffc58622f8a14c6f8b58048ad6ee969,Mrs.,HI,2016-11-09 04:34:44,Grades PreK-2,"Special Needs, Music & The Arts","Special Needs, Visual Arts","My students need canvas tote bags, fabric dye and glue for art projects and gifts.",84,1,"Special GiftsWelcome to our preschool class.\r\nAloha from na keiki o Hawai'i.\r\nOur classroom cheer sums it up: \""You too, we too, we all love preschool!\"" We are a group of actively involved adults and children working together in our hands-on learning environment.  My preschool special education class provides early intervention services to qualifying special needs children, ages 3-5 years. My school is located in a predominantly rural, low-income neighborhood with a considerable portion of the children of Hawaiian and/or Pacific Island ancestry.We are gearing up for gift giving season, and I realize that my supplies are running low. We tie dye several times a year and need dye for those projects. Shhh! don't tell--the canvas tote bags will be dyed and decorated using the gel glue (It creates a really cool batik look.) for presents.  For some projects we need the extra stick that only craft glue provides.  Having these materials available offers my students a way to express themselves creatively, which is so important for children.\r\n For young learners, especially those with language and fine motor challenges like my students, being able to make something that both puts a smile on a parent's face and is something to be proud of is joyful and powerful.   These supplies make that happen.\r\n"
edea1c01960e8b57201db39324c55551,Mrs.,LA,2016-10-04 00:53:55,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need more opportunities to utilize technology in the classroom.,0,1,"Totally TechWe're a Title I school of 310 students . My classroom serves about 36 regular and special education students.  We're located in a rural community that is mostly white, with African American students and very few other minority groups.\r\nThe students are transitioning to an all new set of standards that requires deeper thinking and more creativity. Although the students have been working with the new standards for the past couple of years, some are still struggling to find success.Most of my students only get to use computers once a week.  Some get to use them daily.  We have one other form of technology that is used in the classroom during whole and small group instruction.\r\nA student having the ability to grab an iPad and open an app that is customized for their needs will give me the opportunity to individualize instruction and make the most of their education.\r\nThe students who require intervention will also greatly benefit from the use of technology.  They will be able to use these iPads during small group sessions for remediation purposes.\r\n"
15bc98aa34328f0b031714258f217eec,Mr.,CA,2017-03-15 01:10:19,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need a class set of the second volume of the Ms. Marvel series in order to help foster their love of reading.,7,1,"Fostering Focused ReadersWhile they come from a variety of backgrounds, many of my students are first generation English language learners. Many will also be the first in their family to go to college. \r\n\r\nStudents at our school are hopeful and determined, in spite of often daunting challenges that are in their way. Some come from the most dire of socioeconomic situations, but still come to school ever day ready to learn. One of the biggest goals we have here in the middle school is to broaden the horizons of our students. The greater their awareness of the world outside of their immediate life, their desire to succeed in school grows.Last year, I was able to successfully have a class set of the first volume of the Ms. Marvel series funded through the generous donations from people on Donor's Choose. Having now used the book two years in a row, I can safely say it has been a great success. The students have loved the unit that goes with the reading, and many of my struggling readers have successfully finished the book. Furthermore, we saw growth in my students' reading scores on standardized exams. More importantly though, some of my most reluctant readers loved the series.\r\n\r\nMy goal is to foster the growing love of reading. After finishing the first volume, my students wanted to know what happened next for Ms. Marvel (the first book ends on a partial cliffhanger - the true antagonist's identity is revealed on the final page). I had two copies of the second volume that I purchased myself, but those are not enough to meet the demand. \r\n\r\nIf I have a class set of the second volume, which wraps the first conflict the hero faces, I can also extend the unit of study. We use Ms. Marvel to talk about the Hero's Journey, and use it to draw parallels to other famous stories of heroes. With the second volume, students will be able to fully compare all twelve parts of the journey to Ms. Marvel. In turn, the superhero narratives we wrote last year can become more in-depth and detailed with the more complete example."
ffe0082f0a7f6d855726df72b2c7886a,Mrs.,AZ,2017-04-11 13:09:24,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need 15 subscriptions to The New York Times Upfront Classroom Magazine to learn how to evaluate a news source for its validity.,33,1,"Help Us Determine Fake Versus Real News...Part IIMy students are eager to understand more about the world around them. They are constantly overwhelmed by various media sources and need to learn and comprehend the difference between fake and actual news.\r\nOur Title I junior high is the part of the heart of our community.\r\nAll 7th and 8th graders in the area attend our school to further their education and prepare for high school and beyond. Our school takes great pride in providing not only top notch academics, but unparalleled elective courses for our students. As their teacher, it is my job to not only teach my students how to analyze information and make sure they have the materials to succeed, but to make sure that the students I teach turn into critical thinkers that are capable of making informed decisions.\r\nThis project is requesting a 15 subscriptions to the New York Times Upfront Classroom Magazine. As my 8th graders prepare for the rigors of high school and beyond, it is critical that they are aware of what is happening in the world around them. My students need to learn how to analyze messages presented online, in print, and on the television to learn how to make informed decisions as they mature and become our future problem solvers.\r\nThe New York Times Upfront Classroom Magazine is the perfect student-friendly magazine subscription that will enable me to teach media literacy with my students."
4d4e93ff0add83893db4700204936159,Ms.,MI,2017-01-16 13:15:44,Grades 3-5,"Health & Sports, Special Needs","Health & Wellness, Special Needs",My students need objects to help them get their wiggles out.,0,1,"We've Got the Wiggles!I am a first year teacher teaching special education students in a high poverty school. Many of my students have difficult family lives and are eager to come to school each day. These students come to school eager to learn and make connections despite the difficulties they experience at home. \r\nMaking school a place students look forward to coming to each day is one of my main missions as a teacher. I strive to help these students to learn and feel loved each day they come to school.\""I can't stop moving\"" \""I can't sit still\"" \""My body needs to move\"" All of these phrases I have heard from students. Kids are naturally wiggly and learn more effectively when they are able to get their wiggles out or transfer them into constructive movement. \r\nWhen students are able to move or fidget when learning they become more productive learners. I want my students to be able to move while they are learning and these products will help them do that. I have watched students focus increase exponentially when they are given something to fidget with or an alternate seating option. I hope to see this happen with my students."
cff03030a6b5e5d59b955996bd0e52bc,Mr.,CA,2016-12-20 12:25:07,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need 4 Samsung - 11.6'Chromebooks to for classroom a technology station.,74,1,"Chromebook StationI teach 30 fourth grade students in the inner-city. We service a heavily Latino community. The majority of my students are English Language Learners.  \r\n\r\nMy students are very motivated to learn, inquisitive, and dedicated. They rise to both academic and physical challenges. My students enjoy hands-on activities and challenging themselves to learn all they can. I want them to have a positive school experience. I want them to have the resources they need to thrive and be healthy, positive individuals.My students have access to technology, but they have to wait their turn to use the technology we have available. If they can add these 4 chromebooks, they will no longer have to wait too long to have access to technology. \r\nTechnology is an essential tool for now and the future. I want my students to work on computer programming, interactive applications and sites, and word processing skills. This project provides my students with the tools they need in order to enhance their technology skills. They will also create presentations for their classmates. Using technology as a collaboration tool ensure that all the students will be engaged."
ffae81113bd85136b225a066956951eb,Mrs.,IL,2016-05-25 23:52:26,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Health & Life Science,My students need books that will teach them the basics of medical terminology.,3,1,"Lingua Medica!My students are hardworking and committed to school. Their families are unable to provide them with supports they need to be successful in high school and in life, and every day public schools in big cities are also cutting down on what these students were able to get from school. Compared to students in private school, and and schools in many suburbs,my students experience a great opportunity gap, and find it very frustrating that they have to constantly overcome challenges beyond poverty, family issues, and  success in school.\r\nMy school is in a relatively safe neighborhood, but there are occasional  incidents that that put students and families on guard.I will be able to use the book, Medical Terminology- A Short Course to teach my students hundreds of words they are required to learn in this class. \r\n\r\nStudents will also read favorite Robin Cook novels like 'Fever', 'Brain', 'Cell', 'Cure', and others, to get comfortable with these words in the context of a medical plot.\r\n\r\nStudents will use these books to be more successful in their medical careers, and they will become very comfortable using the language of the medical sciences. \r\n\r\nThey will also be able to help their families understand technical words sometimes used at hospitals and doctor's offices."
e0fe58a4c2c324b6c91473e846e046b7,Ms.,CA,2017-01-18 12:57:55,Grades 6-8,"Applied Learning, Music & The Arts","Other, Visual Arts",My students need a class set of 3Doodler pens for use during our 21st century technology class. Students will be able to create items for display at STEAM events and school functions. the possibilities are endless.,15,1,"3Doodling Our Imaginations AliveEvery group of students I have taught has been unique.  No two years of teaching are ever alike.  Students bring their own experiences, cultural influences and personal abilities with them.  Each year I meet a new crop of seventy-five to eighty-five sixth graders: enthusiastic learners, anxious to explore and explain the world that they inhabit.  These are the young people whose lives I hope to influence every year and beyond.\r\nWhile I constantly have new ideas and my students are eager and determined to try anything we can dream up, what we need are funds and people to help us reach for the stars.  These kids want to learn and help inspire others. They are from all backgrounds and cultures, each with great potential and their own take on what they and the world can be.Students' imaginations are amazing places. My students are artists and dreamers who can draw and describe fantastic things. The 3Doodler pens will allow their creativity to run wild during our 21st Century technology elective classes each year. These projects will cover more than just technology, they will encompass art as well.\r\n\r\nWe are a STEAM school, and we as a staff believe in encouraging not only technology and college and career readiness, but also that allowing for artistic endeavors and creative thinking are key to a successful future generation. Our students are first and foremost scholars, but it is also our responsibility to create thinkers and global citizens as well."
f1b18525140a6d08c713c12e5fcc49e3,Mrs.,GA,2017-03-19 19:41:39,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs","My students need organizational materials to use in our classroom library for our many books use by the five grades levels in our room.  This will help them access the \""just right\"" books they need.",1,1,"Organization = Success!!My students are inspiring! They teach me every day about perseverance, positive attitudes, and kindness. They love learning and come in each day ready to work, learn, and lead. \r\n\r\nMy students have been identified as needing the additional help of a small group classroom. No matter their exceptionality, they put forth the effort, on a daily basis, to positively impact their learning. They are making great gains in their reading levels due to their consistent hard work. My students' success show that hard work pays off. \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nMy students need these materials to help them access appropriately leveled books. Housing enough books for five grade levels can be challenging and overwhelming to look at. Students spend a lot of time searching for books to read. By having these storage containers, the students will be able to better utilize their independent reading time and have direct access to the level of book they are looking for. These organizational bins will also help them learn important organizational skills by teaching them to return their books to the appropriate bin for other readers to be able to find and enjoy."
843bfe2d9976f2510530a004deeac823,Mrs.,CA,2016-12-17 03:04:50,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science",My students need ipads/covers and ink to conduct research about how to protect and save our planet.,120,1,"Recycling EducationMy students are 5th graders from low-income immigrant families.  They are English language learners.  All of our students qualify for the free meal program. We are a Title I school as well as a Performance Improvement School. Many of my students are struggling to learn and understand English with no help from their parents. The children love science, but our learning is limited to textbooks, paper, and pencil. \r\nThis project will allow these enthusiastic learners to become fully involved with their recycling project and make a difference in our world.\r\n\r\nThis project will involve planning and implementing a recycling project at our school with the help of technology. We will introduce all of our classes to all the aspects of recycling: what to recycle, why to recycle, and how to recycle. The iPads will help students work hands-on to develop/research. It will allow students to prepare presentations, take pictures, make films of the activities, and become fully involved in the project. The students will enter data of the recycling done by each class and measure the success of recycling at our school. They would use apps found in the Apps to create power points and write presentations. Further, students can use the technology to created public service announcements for our school and empower more kids to make a difference in society.  The students will use ink to create brochures about recycling and distribute to younger students.\r\nHelp my students study, explore, and engage.\r\nThe iPads will inspire creativity and hands-on learning with the different features and let students engage with content in interactive ways, find information in an instant, and access an entire library wherever they go. The implementation of our recycling project will ensure a better tomorrow!!!\r\n"
1b704ac0bd951ab849947c9c3793f770,Mrs.,NC,2016-09-20 10:17:33,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need 6 Chromebooks to be used daily in our classroom!,6,1,"A-Mayes-ing ChromebooksEvery day I teach 24 eager-to-learn fourth graders in all subjects! They are very interested in the world around them and are pushed to be writers, investigators, reporters, scientists, readers, explorers, and more within the four walls of the classroom. \r\nThey truly believe that they are able to achieve anything!  \r\nWhen you enter my classroom, there is a sign on the door that reads, \""Today could be the BEST day of your life.\"" I like students to enter my classroom with this optimism and enthusiasm for learning. Today, in fact, could be the best day of their lives! I strive to provide this opportunity daily.\r\n\r\n\r\nStudents will use the Chromebooks to access the Internet in reading groups where they will utilize reading software to meet their individual needs and help them grow as readers. In math, they will use them to play online games, use online learning tools, and visit websites to sharpen their skills. We will also be able to use them to visit our classroom website where they can watch instructional videos and interact with other content material.\r\nIn today's changing world, students are becoming more and more tech savvy.  These Chromebooks will complement the interactive learning that takes place in my classroom and ultimately push these students to realize their full potential in the 21st century."
a5ab5355d955862c1bddfb61528f8580,Mrs.,MT,2016-09-25 18:03:29,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need Quality books to increase reading comprehension and engagement.,0,1,"Books Needed!I teach at a one room school house in rural Montana. We are on the edge of the Crow Indian Reservation and all of my students are native. They are all bussed to school everyday and are on the bus for about 45 minutes each way. We have a very supportive board but have limited funds to purchase items such as new books and equipment for our school. My students love to read but we are already running into reading the same books over because of our limited quantities.I am in rural Montana, in a one room K-8 schoolhouse. We do not have many quality books for me to use as resources to help with reading. I know the importance of having quality books at my fingertips to encourage reading and that option is just not available at our school. Having the option to add to our library will be something the kids will enjoy every day! Right now I have kids in grades kindergarten-3rd grade, I try to encourage the kids to find books at their levels and they enjoy. Many of the books that are at my school, I purchased with my own money."
7dad26af9351718ed220cd0d3554b820,Ms.,PA,2016-09-20 21:39:21,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,"My students need books about art, about artists, about self expression.",0,1,"Books In the Art Room!I work in a Title 1 school in North Philadelphia.  Almost all of our students come from economically disadvantaged households.  Given all of the challenges, the students still come bounding into school in the morning, ready to learn.  There is a strong culture in our school of joy, but also responsibility and respect. The students are engaged and the teachers are creative.  Since the school is K-8, the older students are able to present themselves proudly, and set a fine example for the younger students to follow.There is an empty bookshelf in the art room right now.  Having been an art educator for some years, I know there are many great books out there that can be incorporated into art lessons.  It pains me to see the bookshelf empty.  \r\n\r\nBooks are a wonderful resource that can be used to teach about artists and to inspire ideas.  I have compiled a list of books that will be popular, fun, and informative for all the students at the school, K-8.  I know the bookshelf, when brimming with new books, will be a favorite spot for all of my students.\r\n"
55e9bc4c866240b73fa7f8c449751bf1,Mrs.,NC,2016-08-21 21:29:18,Grades 3-5,Music & The Arts,Music,My students need a drum and other materials to keep them moving through the day.  Having movement and music actually provides much needed brain breaks to increase focus promoting growth in academics and lowers negative behavior.,1,1,"Musically Moved MasterpiecesMy students come from all walks of life. They enter school every day eager to learn and make the most of each second. Our school has approximately 50% of its students receiving free or reduced lunch due to various socioeconomic backgrounds. The students at our school also range in academic ability and special needs. We have students who are academically gifted, on the Autism spectrum, other health impaired, and some with emotional needs.\r\nI feel so blessed by the children that enter my room each year, because I truly believe our school has the best there could be. Due to the variety of backgrounds present, many of our students miss out on certain experiences. Our school and community work very hard to ensure we are providing the best we can to create well-rounded citizens while they are with us.Many students in my room need movement throughout the day and most of my class can relate to music to help them learn material taught in class.  By combining both of these elements I truly feel the atmosphere will remain positive and upbeat.  This will also encourage appropriate behavior, exploration of individuality, and testing the limits of our imaginations.\r\n\r\nWho wouldn't want to come to class where they could play a drum, jump on a trampoline, and wiggle in their seat without being reprimanded?  I know I would have loved to have had these things in my class as I was growing up and I want that for the scholars that enter my room.  I want them to see I embrace their creativity and that I am providing outlets for their needs.\r\n\r\nThe drum will be given to a different scholar each day so they can mix up some beats to encourage classmates when answering questions, to cheer on efforts of our class, and to get us back on task.  The trampoline will be a brain break resource as scholars complete assignments on time and with pride.  The balance cushions will be provided to a scholar as needed to move the focus off of moving and on to their classwork.  Having all of these materials will help our class run like a well-oiled machine."
8cd511e0750a7b7ed8c2a9f880771078,Ms.,OK,2016-08-10 21:29:55,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need picture books to check out from the library.  After reading, they can then make their own books to be bound with the binding machine.",3,1,"Picture Book BonanzaMy school is located in a large urban district.  All of the students are on free and reduced lunch. For many students the library provides the only source of reading material for them.  We try to encourage them to become lifelong readers. In order to do this the library is the heart of the school.\r\n\r\n Picture books are an excellent resource to hook the primary students to develop the love of reading and books. They enjoy checking out books that have been read to them. They enjoy reading books in series and discovering new books in the library.The picture books will be used for read aloud library lessons by the librarian. Then they will be available for  the students to check-out from the library. This will encourage the students to read by using pictures and retelling the story.  Then make our own books for them to take home and read to their families. \r\n\r\n\""A good picture book should have events that are visually arresting - the pictures should call attention to what is happening in the story.' Chris Van Allsburg's quote is very important for students that not yet reading yet but are using pictures cues for help with words.\r\n"
a19e5cec0723a47cdc67b500e05333fc,Mrs.,FL,2016-07-07 16:44:33,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need personal binders for differentiated morning work and to assist classroom volunteers in focusing on leveled learning.,1,1,"Student Leveled Learning Binders (Part 2)The students in my classroom represent a variety of diverse backgrounds. We are a community based school that serves PK-5 with teachers that are dedicated to improving the lives of the families at our school.\r\n\r\nStudents receive a free breakfast each morning to encourage them to arrive early and ready to learn! They enter my classroom with a wide range of knowledge and experiences.\r\n\r\nOur days are filled with cooperative learning activities, small group instruction, and lots of love! My goal is to reach every learner and to make learning meaningful and fun!Students begin first grade at varying levels. Some walk in the door reading fluently. Others are just learning letter sounds. It is my goal at the beginning of each year to assess students and hit the ground running.\r\nIt is important that my little friends receive as much individualized instruction as possible.\r\nThe end of the year goal for first graders is to be able to read at least 75 wpm. I would like to provide each student with a binder that includes language arts and math activities that are focused at his/her level. \r\nI am blessed to have volunteers in my classroom several mornings a week that work with students one on one. These binders would help with consistency and to track growth. The learning materials in the binders would include sight words, leveled fluency passages, grammar practice, math skills, and various intervention components. The zippered pouches will give students a safe place to store manipulatives and writing materials. The card stock will be used to update materials regularly based on assessment and growth. I know that these binders will help me to create engaged, excited learners!\r\n"
0d26b1ba05d5f546edb134616f5cfae2,Mrs.,IA,2016-06-10 22:19:19,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need adapted PE equipment such as a parachute and slow motion balls!,3,0,"We Like to Move It, Move It!My students are the most positive and persistent students with loads of potential. However, they face daily challenges that many of their typically developing peers do not encounter. I am new to the field of Special Education in which I will teach a population of students with severe physical and cognitive limitations.\r\nEven with these challenges, I believe my students' potential is endless. Our school district resides in a low-income community where over half of the students receive a free or reduced priced lunch. In addition to this, there is an overall lack of funding, including a lack of funding to provide materials for my students to thrive.Many materials used for most students are not appropriate for all students with severe disabilities. Our physical education equipment needs to be modified and adapted to meet the physical needs of my students. \r\nThese materials will open the playing field for my students with severe physical limitations. They will help my students realize the importance of physical education and the joy of movement to each student's best ability. These materials would allow my students to participate in physical education with their peers. I can already picture the joy that will be portrayed on my students' faces when they use these materials to participate in physical activity!"
560ee367e3e2249a1237d78269bbd7e6,Ms.,CO,2016-07-30 01:36:55,Grades PreK-2,"History & Civics, Literacy & Language","History & Geography, Literacy",My students need print rich text to explore their own heritage as well as their classmates.,0,1,"Multicultural Books\r\nAll About ME!My students are each special and amazing because of their  compassion for one another and their passion for learning. We seldom have behavior issues in the classroom, and when another crew mate is upset, there is always a classmate to lend a hand, talk it out, or share .\r\n\r\nI had a bad car accident this year, and my incredible students showed perseverance and resilience in staying on task, showing respect for our substitute, and fulfilling their commitment to completing school work. My students took care of their own learning, each other, and their environment.\r\nIt makes my heart so grateful for such a dynamic, multicultural, and beautiful group of student learners.The gift of  culturally rich literary texts will help students understanding that they can find similarities and differences for their own culture, alongside their classmates. Students are taught that they are to be the changeling in their own  communities, at school and at home.\r\nHaving  access to various texts to review,  will also give students confidence  and allow  students to gain critical knowledge and  inquiry skills.  \r\n Based on the model of  collaboration and  growth mind set in  our EL (Expeditionary Learning) environment, my students are in need of literature that speaks to them.  \r\nProviding these resources will help guide students to seek answers, question, collaborate, and thrive in a classroom setting, \r\n"
a51ffbcd9cb8356f799a7cdf25051c1c,Mrs.,TN,2017-01-29 20:12:26,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Environmental Science",My students need a wide assortment of craft and household items to use in their experiments and projects.  Hands on activities such as experiments enable students to apply their knowledge!,45,0,"Creativity in ScienceI teach sixth grade science in a small rural Tennessee town. We are a high poverty area, and many of my students do not always have the opportunities of students in urban areas.\r\n\r\nMy students are inquisitive, eager to learn, and love hands-on activities! The experiments we do in science class provide opportunities for them to apply what they are learning. In order to conduct these experiments, we often need some basic school supplies.  As a teacher, it is my responsibility to expand my students' horizons. Providing them with hands-on activities enables me to do just that.Throughout the school year, my students apply what they have learned by conducting experiments and creating projects.  We have discovered a huge need for some basic craft and household supplies to complete these hands-on activities.  This project will provide us with a year's worth of items that will enable my students to apply their science knowledge to conducting experiments, creating machines and physical models of the concepts we are learning.  Giving students the opportunity to show what they know through a physical experiment or project enables them to fully comprehend their learning.  This type of experience is vital to engaging and motivating students."
b88eaece40a24cabea96b0e040d80cb2,Mrs.,PA,2016-09-18 22:14:28,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need fans to cool off our very hot classroom so they can think and learn!,21,1,"It's Cool to LearnAs a reading specialist, I work with struggling readers in grades 1-4.  Reading does not come easily to many of them. My students will become good readers...but they need a little help.\r\n\r\nIn addition to their reading challenges, another challenge for my students is that the majority of them come from low socioeconomic backgrounds.  However, my classroom is a safe space where we focus on each student's growth and potential. My goal is to help them believe in their future success as well as to ensure that they are on the path to academic success.Students in my school district get 100% of their breakfast and lunch for free.  This means that we are classified as having the greatest socioeconomic need. While my school does the best it can to give students the school supplies that they need for learning, our budget only goes so far.\r\n\r\nIt is hard to think and learn when you're hot.  We go back to school in August...it is so hot in August and September and then again in May and June, and we do not have air conditioning. We need good fans to cool our classroom down so that we can learn!"
db84fbe87372c40585744f1836ecd9cb,Ms.,OR,2016-09-09 22:58:30,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need a Hokki Stool, a Safco Stand-Up desk, a Kore Wobble Chair, and a Instride Folding Cycle for exercising their bodies while learning!",5,1,"Flexible Seating to Exercise Our Bodies!My students are eager learners, and providing a space where they can exercise their mind and body will pave a great path for them in the future! I am a Third grade teacher working at a Title 1 School where 80.7% of students qualify for free and reduced lunch. \r\n    At our school, I had a very diverse group of students last year. Our classroom community had students with Vietnamese, Hmong, Caucasian, Mexican, Native American, African American, and Japanese backgrounds. They bring a wealth of experiences, ideas, and cultural perspectives into the classroom. Growing up as a minority with less, I understand the importance of creating a classroom that is built with love, respect, and a sense of community. I strive to help my 3rd graders push beyond their disadvantages and help them become lifelong learners and critical thinkers.This project is kid-inspired because I had asked my students what types of materials we would need to be more active! One of the things they mentioned was different types of way to sit and stand. They want to be able to wiggle and move their bodies in order to focus as well as get exercise. \r\n\r\n  During our community circle, we talked about what a perfect class is. They mentioned they wanted to have a safe, active, classroom that cares about each other. A few of my students said that seats that move would help them move and not get restless. The Hokki Stool and Kore wobble chair would provide movement for kids. \r\n\r\nThey also requested the folding cycle to put under a desk, so they could pedal while sitting down. One student mentioned that he wanted to stand in class because it was hard to sit. He thought a stand-up desk would help him stay active while learning.  This Safco Stand-up desk has a pendulum swinging footrest bar that enables students to wiggle their feet around while standing. \r\n\r\nAll of these things would help everyone be active at least 60 minutes a day. This will help increase their peer-to-peer learning as they are more likely to collaborate and build community with each other when they have active minds and bodies."
556824ddfc3cb49ce67b159c21bc7fef,Ms.,MA,2016-11-04 06:57:19,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need Goosebumps books to feed their thirst for exciting literature.,15,1,"Goosebumps Give Us Goosebumps!My students are active, curious, confident, passionate, caring, and risk-taking learners. They are always reaching for the stars and beyond. They represent an urban middle-sized city. They attend a public elementary school that has an extremely high poverty rate. Our students are excited to learn and are willing to work hard in order to achieve their goals.  However, coming from houses with limited incomes and little to no access to technology, our students are often lacking in life experiences and rich learning environments at home.Our library has noticed that the Goosebumps series is extremely popular with our elementary students.  These books have been loved for many years and are falling apart.  We have tried to mend them by taping, stapling and gluing over the years but many are unable to be used at this point.  We would love to have a new stock of Goosebumps books to satisfy the students craving to read more! Our ability to provide high interest literature is imperative to keeping our students excited about reading. Please help our students become the best and most successful readers that they can possibly be!"
575cf61e3f2b8074bac7fff32fd3df39,Ms.,CA,2017-03-28 23:34:04,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need a label maker to label folders, binders books and supplies.",9,1,"Go Ahead, Label Us!I teach at a diverse and wonderful school in the Northern California Bay Area.  We are classified as a Title 1, high poverty school, with nearly half of the students qualifying for free or reduced lunch. Our resources are limited, but our goals and standards are high!  \r\n\r\nThis year I have 23 fabulous second grade students who are eager to learn and willing to work hard!   For many of them, English is their second language.  The challenge of helping all of them move forward as 21st century learners is sometimes overwhelming, but I know that with enough support and the right tools these students can and will be ready for the future.We try to stay as organized as possible, but with twenty-three 7 and 8-year-olds sharing a small space, sometimes things get mixed up and misplaced. My students will stay organized and keep track of their supplies with their name and classroom number labels.   With this tool in our classroom  we can label baskets, shelves, and drawers for different materials, put name labels on each student's items, and locate or replace things more quickly.  It will also be helpful when a substitute needs to easily find supplies as we can label the contents of files cabinets, cupboards, and other containers around the room."
11e67da2f6db7c99b0317163844952a2,Mrs.,MS,2017-04-08 12:06:01,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need Chromebooks to enhance whole and small group math lessons.,1,1,"Chromebooks- \""Student Tested. Teacher Approved.\""My sixth grade math class is no ordinary math class. Everyday my students come to class eager to learn and to increase their mathematical foundation. The passion and drive they possess for learning is truly inspiring.\r\n\r\nI have discovered that my students enjoy learning through the use of technology. Whether it is their phone, a laptop, or Chromebook, they are more attentive and alert to the task at hand. I would love to supply my students with more technology opportunities.Having a classroom set of Chromebooks will allow my students to maximize and be in charge of their learning. I will use the Chromebooks for small-group instruction and during centers. Students will use Moby Max, IXL, and other educational websites to boost their math skills. \r\nThese Chromebooks will academically and technologically benefit all of my students. By using Chromebooks in the classroom, I am supplying students a technology source to learn with that they may not have at home. The technology we use today significantly differs from just 3 and 4 years ago. I believe that it is my responsibility as a teacher to supply my  students with the most updated technology sources."
e6f4fd777086b9debb793046e85521de,Mrs.,IL,2016-08-02 18:33:30,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need eleven sets of literature circle books that represent various cultures, eras and genres.",5,0,"Expanding our world through books!My students love books!  My classroom is full of bright and curious middle school students who love to read!  They can be seen reading at lunch, recess and even after school!  They enjoy reading on their own, in groups and having rich conversations about what they have read.\r\nMy students bring the diversity and richness of our city to our classroom. Our school is a neighborhood school, located in an urban school district. Our school is also a fine arts school which encourages experiential and creative learning across all curriculum areas.My students are avid readers! As part of our reading program, students work in small groups to select fiction and non-fiction works.  They meet on a regular basis in literature groups to read, discuss and share their insights on their selections.  The students are excited about this part of our reading curriculum and last year, they read just about all of our literature circle sets!  \r\n\r\nWe need to expand our reading selections for these book lovers!  They need to be exposed to literature that covers a variety of genres, eras, cultures and interests.  A wide variety of materials will widen their minds!"
08dbc5d8942a1a55a1c5be9d2cf84de4,Mrs.,MD,2017-02-24 19:12:56,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy","My students need to experience the alphabet through seeing, hearing, touching, and speaking.",3,1,"Experience the AlphabetMy active kindergartners come to school eager to learn new things from me and from each other.  Although about a third of my class does not speak English at home, they attend class ready to immerse and participate in learning.\r\nI teach in a small Title 1 school with a population of about 400 students.  Our students receive free breakfast and most of our students receive free or reduced lunch.  \r\nDespite challenges, our students are destined for success because we believe in them!  They can do it!My Kindergartners will experience the alphabet through exploring the fun manipulatives.  Students can sort items according to beginning sound.  They can use these small objects for memory games and to build vocabulary while they work with a partner at a center.\r\nThrough these engaging alphabet tubs, my students will experience seeing, hearing, touching and saying the letters and the letter sounds.  They will see and touch the letters and actual examples of objects that begin with each letter sound.  They will hear and say the letter and its corresponding sound when they identify each item.  These tubs will be one of the learning centers in class."
f63ac2ce75c28467e52834bee21ebbae,Mrs.,KY,2016-09-14 19:03:25,Grades 3-5,"Health & Sports, Literacy & Language","Health & Wellness, Literacy",My students need 5 Hokki stools to let them keep their bodies moving while their brains are working.,17,1,"Keeping Brains and Bodies MovingMy students are wonderful little learners!  They are full of life and are eager to learn at every moment. \r\nThey deserve the best and that is what I strive to give them!  All of my students are living in poverty and 50% of them are learning English as a second language. They face many challenges outside of school. However, in our classroom each and every student is able to shine. \r\nAs a wise man once said...\r\n\""We are each unique and beautiful, but together we are a masterpiece!\""These Hokki stools will be used to replace traditional chairs at one of the student tables in my classroom.  Many of my students have a hard time staying still and focused on tasks. These stools will allow my students to use their energy for productive learning and movement at the same time.  \r\nHaving these stools will allow my students to engage their core muscles and keep their bodies strong while they are simultaneously stretching their brains and learning the content that I am teaching. It is my goal to keep my students actively engaged in learning... These stools will help me reach that goal!\r\n"
5600959c478c05dd3e0133eb11c11e6f,Mr.,SC,2016-05-11 13:41:32,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need reading books that focus on mathematical concepts in order to improve literacy, and connect the content areas of math and reading.",0,0,"Math and Literacy Together Take Learners New Places\""To succeed, you will soon learn, as I did, the importance of a solid foundation in the basics of education - literacy, both verbal and numerical, and communication skills.\"" -Alan Greenspan\r\n\r\nThis quote reveals the heart of this project: literacy can be achieved through different methods.My students love to read. There is a strong culture of reading in the classroom, and there is no better way to get them engaged in math than through reading a good story that is related to what they are learning. The math lessons are interactive, hands on, though provoking, interesting, and project oriented, but one thing is missing in the math class. The students don't have many math related books to read. \r\n\r\nThe school is Title 1, high poverty, and we focus on reading through different disciplines. We work to blend lessons and tie in information in meaningful and varied ways in order for students to grasp the content and the foundations of the lessons, units, and concepts.The students will use these resources when they complete an assignment early. They will be able to go to the reading center (found in my math classroom) and read books that are related to what they are learning in class. My students will also be encouraged to write about what they read, thus integrating writing into math. They will go through the writing process on whatever topic they are studying, and the story they read can be a springboard for ideas, or even a platform for understanding the content better.Donations to this project will not just benefit my class, but benefit other classes as well. In my math class, students will have the opportunity to read and write about math and what they are learning from me and the stories that they interact with."
0475fd2f3190131dd9b4fa25123dbfb2,Mrs.,NJ,2016-09-23 13:35:53,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need a MacBook Air Laptop so I can enhance their learning by providing visuals, such as videos that will relate to the lesson through the projector.",46,1,"Building Literacy Through Technology!Our kindergarten is located in a unique and diverse urban setting in Northern New Jersey. This community strives to help all learners meet their potential regardless of their background. We strive to provide a safe place for students to grow through a variety of methods.  The district motto, \""That each may learn,\"" reflects this goal and is the hallmark of every classroom and building within the district.  Differentiated instruction and individualized instruction are the keys to achieving in our classrooms!Thinking about the world today, technology is everywhere! Everyone has multiple items that they connect and interact with on a daily basis. So why then are so many classroom lacking in technology? Our classroom has a projector, but we are often unable to use it since we do not have a laptop to connect it to. While there is one we can borrow, it is not always available. Having a Macbook Air dedicated for classroom use would help incorporate technology throughout the day. By introducing the Macbook, I would be able to illustrate ideas by connecting to a variety of videos and presentations. It would also connect to our class Luna projector. Since many students have never interacted with a laptop before, I believe that this technolgy is vital, especially considering the way in which they will be assessed in the future.  With your help, you can positively effect my class and help them at the very beginning of their time in school."
846b28f147b0d250bc8cab196d436907,Mrs.,MO,2016-11-22 18:09:20,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,"My students need new, bright, multicultural markers for our elementary art room!",1,1,"New Markers In The Art Room Equals BRIGHT, Colorful Futures!My students are AMAZING ARTISTS!  Their imaginations are thriving!  It's imperative to me as their art teacher to allow their imaginations to grow through a variety of different art mediums.  We learn and create through drawing, painting, printmaking, fibers and sculpture in my art room.  \r\n\r\nWe are a Title I school located in a small Southeast Missouri town of only 3,500 people.  Many of our students are free and reduced lunch here in our district.  I believe art and the arts is for ALL people, of all walks.  One of my goals as their elementary art teacher is to harbor a love and appreciation for the arts beginning at a young age.  Many of my students are not allowed the luxury of travel and exposure to many cultures.  As we explore different cultures and backgrounds in art, it opens doors for me to educate students about differences and similarities in cultures.  This gives opportunity to teach about empathy and tolerance for various multicultural backgrounds.  Another goal is to allow students to enjoy \""travel\"" through art by exploring and learning about various artists and the lands where they thrive(d).\r\n\r\n\r\nMy students create beautiful art through various mediums.  We learn about art by drawing, painting, printmaking, fibers and sculpture.  All of my students have various and differing strengths.  Since I do teach every student K-6th grade, our consumable materials wear out quickly.  Not all of my students can afford to buy new markers...sadly, this is a priviliedge for many of my little artists.  I want my art room to have various materials for them to create with and explore.\r\n\r\nColors envoke emotions; markers can aid students in expressing their thoughts and emotions through their art.  All of my students have varying and differing strengths.  I truly believe all of my students are amazing artists!  I want to instill that positive mind-set in their hearts.  When students have the best tools available to create, this helps them believe they CAN create, and they DO make beautiful art."
548ed9d8e9dcb91c896a58eb63a1ff6f,Mrs.,NJ,2016-08-15 19:38:55,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need movement to learn.  We will use the Wooble chairs during guided reading instruction, the yoga balls through the day for all our lessons, jump ropes and cones for our math lessons.",0,1,"If we move, we will learn better!I am moving to a new school and I want to implement flexible seating  for our independent reading time from the beginning of the year. Kids need to move to be engaged in learning.\r\n\r\n\""My new school has very limited budget, we are Tittle 1\""\r\n\r\n I have always liked working in a low-income/high poverty school district where the students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. \r\n\r\nDespite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences.These materials will not directly teach my students new skills, but they will help prime my students for learning in all content areas and with many daily living skills. For example, while I'm teaching a lesson on number naming, one of my students may be rolling around on the floor having difficulty maintaining their space and needing gross motor activity. If I have a yoga ball, I can have my aide work with that student while I continue teaching. The movement will prepare  that student for learning. Finally, the student will return to the group or independent work area and be able to sit and focus to learn or demonstrate a specific skill.\r\n\r\nFlexible seating will improve my classroom by reducing the amount of behavioral issues, because I will be able to provide the appropriate stimulation that my students need, but cannot voice, due to their age.\r\nEvery time one of my students is in a yoga ball, cushions, or a special chair, I get at least 10 more minutes of attention and focusing.\r\n\r\nWith less behavioral issues, we can increase our learning and time on task. I'm looking forward to seeing my students happier and ready to learn as we have fun."
c33835981f7a5a25b126f1988247ab2f,Ms.,WA,2016-09-02 00:14:13,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, History & Civics","Environmental Science, Social Sciences","My students need chrome books to research topics for science, social studies, health, art as content areas must stay a priority in school.",14,1,"Exploring Topics Through TechnologyMy students come from diverse backgrounds in terms of language, culture, and ethnicity.  Our school has a high poverty rate, and many families do not have access to technology for all that is required in school today.\r\n\r\nMy students are eager and excited learners and ask many questions.  As 6th graders they are making the transition from elementary to middle school, although still in a K-6 setting. \r\n\r\nMy students bring a wide variety of strengths and talents to the classroom.  They support each other, especially in situations where some students struggle, always emphasizing team work and a close community.6th grade is an important year to transfer and combine many skills and concepts to content areas.  Having Chromebooks in the classroom will enable students to do frequent research reports in science, social studies and other content areas. \r\n\r\n Students will be able to easily look up information, adding to their background knowledge on chosen or assigned topics.  Students will be able to easily obtain current information on social studies events and issues such as the upcoming election.  \r\n\r\nOur classroom is in a portable and having some tablets would give us more access to technology than going to the main building's computer lab."
47787ddaff92e7e90924ab1051a2836b,Mrs.,RI,2017-04-06 23:07:00,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need Survive the Quake, Science Station, Regrouping Kit and Geosticks to investigate in math and science.",8,1,"Having Fun With Science and Math Incorporating  MovementThe students who are in my classroom are eager to learn and are creating an image of what school/learning is and should be.  Having them all reach out to different ways to learn and different ways to regulate themselves is very important.  \r\nThey walk in with smiles and excitement glistening in their eyes.  Students are encouraged to work on finding things that work for them and to take charge of their learning.  All students deserve these opportunities.  I want to give them these chances in my classroom.Students will be able to explore how to build things following directions as well as freely.  They will also be able to do this outside of the school day.  After school and at home.  Being able to share these ideas outside of the school day is empowering to the students.\r\nStudents will be inspired to use their creativity and imaginations throughout the tasks and also be able to explore it in many different ways.  They will also have ways to move during these activities after school so that they can stay focused.  \r\nStudents will primarily be exploring the following standard during their explorations. Ask questions, make observations, and gather information about a situation people want to change to define a simple problem that can be solved through the development of a new or improved object or tool.\r\nFinally, students will be able to explore using the regrouping trays and be able to show how they solved equations to their families, by using these materials.  They will be able to work on the following standard: Add within 100, including adding a two-digit number and a one-digit number, and adding a two-digit number and a multiple of 10, using concrete models."
b2f237123279fd24f15b59b5d9fb2abb,Ms.,IN,2016-05-05 14:04:41,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need a variety of 5 different high interest fiction texts including 6 copies each of Wringer,  The One and Only Ivan, and Harry Potter.",4,1,"Book Lovers for Life!\""Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.\"" - Muhammad Ali. This is the motto in our classroom and my students work hard every day to become better readers to ensure that they leave my class as champions!My students are incredibly hard workers.\r\nThey don't all come from the best circumstances, but once they walk through the doors of our school, they know they are safe and taken care of. Eighty five percent of our students get free/reduced lunch. We are a Title I funded school that provides all students with a free breakfast each morning. Our school has wonderful partnerships with the community in order to provide our inner-city students with all the opportunities they need to become successful citizens. My students love to learn. They love experiencing new things and come to school each day excited to learn with their classmates and teachers!I am requesting a variety of different high interest fiction texts including text sets of Wringer, The One and Only Ivan, and Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  A whole new world will be opened up to my students with the use of these books. Several of the text sets will be used by book clubs within our classroom. My students will work on using comprehension strategies without even knowing they're learning! I have chosen books by excellent authors who know how to write quality, engaging books that kids can't get enough of. The single title books will enhance our classroom library and give students more choices during independent reading time each day.\r\n\r\nThe books that will be purchased through this grant will help my students become lifelong learners.\r\nThey will learn the joy that a great story can bring into a person's life. Reading will no longer be something they are told to do and will instead become something they love to do!"
8db879605b3055c4ffae2440ed098dc1,Ms.,TX,2016-10-24 16:17:49,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Music,My students need instruments to increase performance and learning opportunities in and out of the classroom.,0,1,Opening the Door to Music Through InstrumentsMy students primarily come from low income homes and yet somehow seem to come ready to learn.  They are willing and ready to learn!\r\n\r\nThey are the most energetic and excited group of students I have seen.  They are full of life and bring that life to the school. They are capable of so much more and I hope to help them reach that level.\r\n\r\nThey absolutely love coming to music and have a yearning for music that is overwhelming.  They want to experience all that music has to offer them.The use of these instruments will allow for more students to be involved and to encourage involvement in music as they grow older.  The larger instruments will provide the exploration of new types of music and performances.\r\n\r\nThey will allow for the students to have a greater hands on learning environment for years to come. They are able to apply their knowledge of music through the use of these instruments as well as an opportunity for cooperative learning to take place.\r\n\r\nMy students have not had a great deal of exposure to music and I hope to increase that with these supplies.  They absolutely soak up everything that is shown to them and I know this would rock their world.
7e3a0f84b8bc991a7d70502376f91020,Ms.,NJ,2017-01-21 16:04:18,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need fun, hands on activities to develop phonemic awareness!",10,0,"Reading is still FUNDAMENTAL!!!As a teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences. \r\n\r\nThey like to move, they love to read and love lots of positive attention. Many of them are being raised in single parent households and receive a free lunch based on their socioeconomic status. These things may prevent them from getting ahead early in life and may not provide them with the life experiences many of us see as \""ordinary\"". From the minute they walk in the door of my classroom I focus on their potential and growth while they are with me. I may not be able to control their home lives, however, I can certainly control their experience during the school day. By doing this in a creative and positive way, I am hopeful to inspire even our earliest learners to continue on a path of academic excellence.\r\n\r\nWith Kindergarten being the foundation for future learning it is imperative that ALL children have an opportunity to experience the best!\r\n\r\nThese fun and exciting literacy activities will enhance the reading readiness skills that are developed in Kindergarten.  With these materials young minds can be opened up to a lifetime of learning.  Children often times are not thrilled about the work that goes into becoming a fluent reader so having some fun activities at their disposal can help give children a new outlook on the world of literacy.\r\n\r\nThe BINGO games, the beginning, ending, middle sound activity boards, phonemic awareness match-ups and rhyming books will not only fulfill the requirements for Common Core Standards it will  bring fun to learning to read"
65b52cf1113bed2751fdb218841b7fa4,Mrs.,IN,2016-11-14 10:01:43,Grades 6-8,"Warmth, Care & Hunger","Warmth, Care & Hunger",My students need basic supplies to make it to school every day.,1,1,"Basic Hygiene Supplies for Students in NeedIn my building this year, we have approximately 700 students and more than 80% of them come from low income homes and qualify for free and reduced lunches. This year my building implemented a universal breakfast to ensure that each student had access to breakfast. \r\n\r\nAt the end of each day, I wait for buses with 25 students who ride our bus for homeless students. For these students, they are going home to a hotel or a shelter and don't always have access to food, hygiene supplies, or their own bed. \r\n\r\nAs a school we do our best to help cover gaps in what students need. At the start of the year we have a shoe trip for students in need of a pair of shoes and our district operates a food pantry for families in need.Donations for this project will provide my students with basic necessities that will allow them to come to school and not worry about not having to worry about their hygiene. Many of our female students come to school during their period not knowing if they will be able to find a pad or not. \r\nApproximately 35 students in my building are homeless and an additional 70 have a home but are lacking the basic necessities like soap, deodorant, tooth brushes, socks, and for more than 60 girls, feminine hygiene products. \r\nThis will improve their education by allowing them to come to school ready to learn. \r\n"
c6020ea07073827cb31608e953ef8cbd,Ms.,FL,2017-01-15 20:38:22,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need sight word practice activities, writing tools to show how to write correctly, and manipulatives to help during math centers. I need a laminating machine and laminating sheets to create center materials.",4,1,"Kindergarten Math 1,2, 3,...We Are Also Learning to Read!I am a teacher at a low-income/ high poverty school that educates students that face challenges both in and out of the school environment. As my students begin their academic career and begins to build the foundation of their education, I want to provide the best education and opportunity to receive the best education I can. The school has limited resources and as an educator, it is up to me to find the resources I need for my students. \r\nI am a kindergarten teacher and for most of these students, this is the first year they have ever been inside a classroom setting. Most do not know their alphabet, numbers, or even how to spell their names. These students are smart, but they need extra help and various ways of teaching by using manipulatives, to ensure they are learning the skills they need to move on.Having sufficient materials for my class will help my students learn independently in small groups, interact during teacher time  groups, and help them with their writing skills. The laminating machine and sheets will help me to create some of these learning activities, and reward my students to celebrate their success. \r\n My class needs tools to help differentiate my small groups and my teacher time groups. I also need storage for my sentence strips that I use daily for reviewing sight words, concepts, and writing. The magnetic white board will help me teach writing properly because I have a old chalkboard in my classroom currently, so this will be a life saver!"
2e73feb46658562a378e537833511368,Mrs.,UT,2016-09-10 17:28:42,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need a new I-pad capable of running our ST-Math visual problem-solving software program.,0,1,"Be the Best You Can Bee...\r\nUtilizing Technology and ST-MathOur first-grade class needs an additional I-pad to help students better understand ST Math--a software program that utilizes game puzzles to teach math concepts.  \r\n\r\nA grant we were able to obtain gave us full access to the program; now, we need additional tools to help us utilize it.  \r\n\r\nUnlike previous classes, this year's students have demonstrated an exceptional aptitude for learning math.  This would be an excellent tool to help them continue to grow in math.  \r\n\r\nAs evidence of their palpable enthusiasm, no fewer than 20 students have asked when they will get to use the ST-Math program again.This I-pad will help our students be able to utilize the ST-Math program we received via grant earlier this year.  \r\n\r\nThe ST-Math program allows students to better grasp math concepts by making it visually-interactive.  The program starts off simply and becomes progressively more difficult as they advance through specific problems.  \r\n\r\nAt present, our class has only one I-pad which the district assigned to me for my use.  I am using that I-pad now to teach my students how to understand math by using the ST-Math program.  One additional I-pad would allow more students to take advantage of this wonderful program."
53a7ef1436b6a6dce9865b4a97ff88c3,Ms.,CA,2016-08-07 20:04:49,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a comfy carpet to complete our new library reading area and some new titles to entice students  branch out to explore a variety of genres.,0,1,"\""Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child\""-Donalyn MillerMy students are eager and excited to learn and gain knowledge.  I want to be able to foster and encourage their excitement through teaching them the skills of lifelong reading habits.\r\n\r\nI want every child to leave my classroom with lifelong reading habits and know that literature is a powerful instrument to be an impactful world changer. \r\n\r\nAt our school we hold high expectations for academic achievement, personal responsibility, social interaction, and service to the community.   We aim to challenge our students to new heights in which they did not know they could reach.  As a teacher, I want to be able to have the necessary tools to challenge and equip each and every student that enters my classroom to take these risks.Inspired through Miller's books \""The Book Whisper\"" and \""Reading in the Wild\"" we are launching our 40 book challenge!  The goal is to equip each and every students with a love for reading that will last a lifetime and provide the opportunity to branch out and explore different genres that they may not reach for ordinarily. \r\n\r\nThese resources will help add a variety of genres to our growing library and help complete our newly renovated reading area! \r\n\r\nIn order to make this challenge successful, the students need a welcoming and inviting reading area and a variety of books in different genres to choose from. By providing these resources, this will help finish the reading area for students and add informative genre to our library to awaken the inner reader in every child!"
50db4a73b655885b5d2dce65d53225f6,Mr.,MI,2017-03-08 18:48:56,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need more organization in the classroom to have easy access to materials. This will help class flow more smoothly.,3,0,"Middle School Classroom ChaosMy classroom is a strategic math classroom. This means that my students have shown a very specific need in math based on their test scores and so my class serves as an extra help classroom to fill in the gaps on those concepts they may have missed or need more help in. My students are from urban backgrounds and most need help academically and even behaviorally. My students tend to lack motivation or feel less confident in their math journey and therefore I am aiming to help them feel confident and love math again!I teach middle school strategic math in a high needs urban school. Students in this class need a lot of structure because they tend to lack organization, motivation, or skills that help them succeed in the math classroom. Items on my list are the little details that would truly help our classroom function better. My students tend to become very unorganized and so I have to provide the organization for them. I also have a lot of students that tend to make messes in the classroom or do classroom jobs to give them a sense of power or importance (hence the cleaning supplies, stapler, and pencil sharpener). My students are my life and I would love to do all I can to help them succeed."
1c5a087029b3e9dc680db3ef28ac25aa,Mrs.,CA,2016-08-22 15:16:33,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Music & The Arts","Applied Sciences, Visual Arts","My students need two 3D printers, extruders, build plate tapes and protection plan to enhance and challenge their learning skills.",10,1,"3D WorldMy students love to evolve from passive learners to active creators! Students at my school are very enthusiastic and creative, they love to learn new things and are looking forward to the evolving core curriculum in STEAM! \r\n\r\nMost of our students our technologically driven, they love to challenge themselves and master their skills. Learning through technology helps are diverse student population and they thrive in an environment which is compelling and nourishing to their needs. Their goal is to be successful individuals and take their learning to a whole new level and build passion for science and engineering.We need one XYZware 3D printer and filaments. 3D Printing will enrich students knowledge in design and applied engineering as they will model, create, test, discuss upon their 3D objects that they will create. The 3D printers will open up a whole new world for my students! When my students will learn 3D printing at this young age, just imagine them applying this learnt concepts as they grow up and become inventors and engineers and be able to follow their dreams.\r\n\r\nOur school will be the first in the area to experience this latest technology. 3D printing will help our students go over and above to think and create- moving from 2D to 3D and actually seeing the product, their imagination in reality. 3D printers will open a new learning experience for tactile learners. 3D printers will help them evaluate real-life scenarios and recommend for appropriate use of 3D printing and technology.\r\n\r\n"
cf99d6d7a7c544dfb4c442b0e1c1ef7c,Ms.,OH,2016-12-20 10:21:48,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need a Chromebook in order to help them become successful in the 21st century.,3,1,"More Technology Please:  Exploring Literacy Through TechnologyThe families of the students I service struggle with poverty. 100% of them receive free lunch. My students are pressured to do well on multiple standardized tests. They are hard workers and love to learn. Having the technology that we need will greatly help them to have a deeper and connected sense with the true purpose of technology, while building their literacy skills at the same time. I am working hard to promote education and I hope I am creating life long learners.With the demands of state testing and technology being ever-present in daily life, my students are in need of individual technology practice in our classroom. Keyboarding skills are essential to my students' success on tests and projects, now and in their future. Accessing and navigating the Internet is also a crucial skill that my students need to achieve their educational goals and to be a functioning member of society as an adult. \r\n\r\nWith a Chromebook, they will have daily practice and the exposure necessary to become technologically intelligent. This new source of technology will aid my students in attaining the skills and tools to exhibit agency over their learning. The students will have the opportunity to play, create, and practice new skills through technology every day in their own classroom through the use of a Chromebook."
7a4561a0231e19b64f2e812d742cd976,Mrs.,TX,2017-03-12 23:06:31,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need four wobbley stools to allow for productive movement!,1,1,"Flexible Seating for K-5 Math Students!The students I serve receive math interventions based on their independent areas of need. They are eager to learn, love playing math games, and are developing a conceptual understanding of mathematics. My students enjoy working together and teaching each other during our time together.  \r\n\r\nOur room is equipped with 21st Century technology, and we would love if our classroom environment was more conducive to collaboration and movement.  Many of my students have difficulty maintaining focus and attention. Providing flexible seating options would make all the difference!We were so lucky to receive two awesome balance ball chairs from donor's choose, for our journey towards flexible seating. With six students in a small group, it's imperative that all of my students have a comfortable seat to learn in. \r\n\r\nThese 4 stools will promote productive movement during our small group math time. Some of my students have attention difficulties, and these chairs will allow my students to move and learn at the same time. I'm also hoping flexible seating will naturally lead to more collaboration and communication. \r\n\r\nMy students will easily be able to move the stools closer to each other for partner work and playing games!"
2351df5ac16286d9914eccbc3633fccf,Ms.,SD,2016-10-18 21:43:25,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need 3 wobble chairs to incorporate into our classroom for flexible seating options.,1,1,"Incredible Flexible SeatingMy students come from a variety of different backgrounds. Many students in my classroom come with a range of disabilities, including intellectual disabilities, emotional disturbance, autism spectrum disorder and specific learning disabilities. Our school has many students that receive free and reduced lunch as well that change our school dynamic. From the minute my students walk through the door we focus on success and growth. I aim to make my students school environment a positive place with support and encouragement.Having three different wobble stools will provide my students with the flexible seating they desire. My students learn in a variety of ways and often how they are seated influences the amount of attention they give the task they are working on. \r\nIncorporating three new stools will allow my students to fidget in their seat and will require them more focus, which will directly lead them to having more focus on their school work. The stools will also give the students a flexible seating option for the days they would rather not sit in a normal chair, stand, or sit on the floor. \r\nMy students would be grateful to have another seating option that would best suite their learning."
c132130ae0285758014e59d336838d70,Ms.,NY,2016-10-04 12:38:12,Grades 3-5,History & Civics,History & Geography,My students need interactive social studies materials to help gain a deeper understanding of history and geography. Students learn best with hands-on materials. Thank you.,0,1,"My future historians would love interactive materialsOur school focuses on growing leaders to empower and enrich the 21st century.  We emphasize on preparing our future leaders by instilling the highest values academically and emotionally.  Our school is well diverse  and is rich in culture. We are a title one school and we are in need of funding to help educate our future leaders. Many of our future leaders are from families with low income. Our future leaders are happy to come to school each day to help  so they learn and grow.I teach social studies for grades K-5. Many students are reading below grade level standards. My students will benefit from the interactive materials by having hands on tools to help them explore our various units in social studies. My students have a difficult time reading from social studies textbooks and need tactile and visual aids to help them discover the geography and history of the world. Students would be able to use these materials and make discovers independently, in partnerships and in group work. I do hope you will be able to fund this project to help empower and enrich my future historians."
04d5f50afc94ca1d6e3cc82d4ab19c4a,Mrs.,NY,2017-03-25 15:35:57,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need sets of engaging chapter books for guided reading groups.,85,1,"Calling All Readers!\""There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.\"" ~ Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis\r\n\r\nOur Title I school is located in a close-knit, rural community near Syracuse, New York. Many of the families at our school have been in the school district for generations. Agriculture is an important part of the local economy, as apple orchards flourish on the rolling hills. My third grade students' learning styles and needs are as diverse as their backgrounds, but they all have the yearning to be successful. They love participating in literacy centers and collaborating with their peers.\r\n\""In primary grades, children are learning to read and in upper grades they are reading to learn.\"" ~Anonymous \r\n\r\nGuided reading is used in our classroom to help students to become fluent, confident readers. This strategy allows me to provide reading instruction to small groups of students who are on similar reading levels. The lessons are tailored to suit my students' instructional needs. I am requesting sets of engaging fiction chapter books to read with my guided reading groups including \""Fantastic Mr. Fox,\"" \""Chocolate Fever,\"" and \""Third Grade Angels\"".  The chapter books are a variety of instructional levels so all of my third graders will enjoy a great story. \r\n\r\nYear after year, my students will benefit from these wonderful resources. Thank you for your consideration!\r\n"
62402eceac8b7ccd6c809138b870f1c2,Teacher,HI,2016-06-25 18:41:52,Grades 9-12,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literature & Writing, Special Needs",My students need these 10 Kindle Fire tablets with 7 cases along with 2 RCA Viking to help them to do researches and  be apart of their Google Classroom Assignments.,1,1,"TECHNOLOGY IS THE REALITY OF THE FUTURE 04/04/16\r\n\r\nYour time is now, dont ever waste it on anyone but yourself\"".\r\n\r\nMy students are from a community that has families in the state system like foster care, family courts, transition homes and of course a lot of them in homeless shelters..all the schools in the area is technology base..so my students don't have access to technology at home only at school...my students have researches, projects for English, History and Science, which they need to use a computer.\r\n\r\nMajority of our students are considered economically disadvantaged.  Most of my students in class are the ones struggling with reading and English. Many of my students do not have computers or other electronics devices at home to assist with assignments. Some do not even have adults who can help them with their homework. No matter what these obstacles, my students are eager to learn and work very hard to accomplish their goals.\r\n\r\nThe purpose of this project will encourage students to use technology to respond to current issues in our society that concern our students. The goal is for students to see how technology can be educational and informative. \r\n\r\n\""We live in a technology world where students are constantly on computers. The Kindle Fire will help students with their projects, presentations and researches>\""\r\n\r\nTechnology serves a major role in educating our youth today, though we have no funding for it in our classrooms. With only 4 desk top computers in the classroom, it is very difficult for my students to utilize technology on a daily basis. The Kindle Fire tablets will allow my students to work in small groups and/or with partners. They will also be able to research and explore science and social studies topics that are of interest to them.\r\n\r\nIt is my hope that through the addition of tablets in the classroom, my students will have more opportunities to achieve their reading and math goals, and as a result develop a love for learning."
e477757ed7e9a9d630af6deb06aa92d5,Mrs.,SC,2017-03-30 12:26:04,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Health & Life Science, Mathematics",My students need these items to complete our classroom's flexible seating plan. Students who are engaged are less likely to exhibit off task behaviors.  Research shows that simple in-class activities can boost performance.,2,1,"Cato's Flexible Seating InitiativeI have 18 students in my third grade classroom. Many of my students live in a single-parent home or are raised by grandparents or other guardians with limited income and resources. Most of my students lack \""worldly experience\"" and we are often limited to only what we experience in the classroom. Our school is located in a rural area and our community lacks many of the resources necessary to support our students. I strive to provide my students with a quality education so they can become active and productive citizens of the community, but I am limited by the lack of funds.Earlier this year, I began transforming my classroom from traditional seating to implementing a flexible seating initiative. I saw the positive effects immediately but lacked the resources to implement the seating plan entirely. \r\nThis type of seating allows students to have a more comfortable, highly engaging environment for learning. Students felt a greater sense of community in our classroom when they weren't limited to a desk. Flexible seating puts kids in control of their own learning and gives students' opportunities for learning that traditional seating doesn't. Flexible seating has truly transformed the culture of my classroom and inspired my students!"
582b140ccbdbecae94f7e8ed429ac0a6,Ms.,OR,2016-09-01 00:00:12,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need technology to learn the core skills using educational apps designed for science and math.,6,1,"Integrating Technology in Science and MathThis is my fifth year teaching 5th grade at a public school in Portland. In the previous four years, I only taught language arts and social studies to all 5th graders at our school. However, I have a fully self-contained 5th grade classroom where I will now teach math and science as well. My biggest goal this year is to integrate technology to plan and deliver effective science and math lessons that are engaging and relevant to all of my students from various backgrounds.We are at a small elementary school and with limited funding, we have very little access to technology. My biggest goal this year is to integrate technology to plan and deliver effective science and math lessons that are engaging and relevant to all of my students. It would be incredible to have an interactive whiteboard for science and math lessons, but they are very costly. The next best option is to use an iPad with science and math apps and project it onto a bigger screen using the Apple TV. There are many educational apps that are interactive for science and math. Students can come up to the front of the class and use the Apple pencil to demonstrate and practice their skills on the iPad. Students can also take turns and practice their skills in small groups, which will be incredibly helpful for mastering their skills."
523c57eb325016056e3468ed76038bbe,Ms.,FL,2016-05-03 11:57:57,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need 5 Hokki Stools to help keep them engaged during small group centers.,1,1,"Squirming for SuccessRemember sitting in the classroom, so engaged in learning, and then feeling like you had to get your wiggles out? My students range widely in achievement levels, and benefit the most from small group centers. Moving their muscles and working their brains at the same time would allow them to succeed!My students live in a rural area, and attend a low income school. Although they may have set backs, they are always coming into the classroom ready to learn and take on the day! They are full of energy, and always like to dive into inquiry based learning.My students constantly have to get their wiggles out. Throughout the day you will see them sit on their feet, or tilt their chairs back, all while still becoming engaged in lessons. In order to make the learning environment safer for each and every student, these stools will let them complete their wiggling and learning all at once, which will in turn allow them to become more engaged in the learning process.This project will make a difference to every student in my classroom. They will be able to concentrate, choose flexible seating, and put all of their extra energy at bay. By having access to these wonderful stools, my children can put their sole focus on the learning environment, making them better learners, and better leaders tomorrow."
1f06988e0507d791d7ea46135c17e8b5,Ms.,NY,2016-10-05 11:05:45,Grades 6-8,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Team Sports",My students need sports equipment- 10 official game play Tachikara volleyballs!,1,1,"Help Our Morning Volleyball Program Rise and Shine! Part 2As a Title I school, which is considered high poverty, there is not a lot of opportunity at our school for our students to be a part of a sports team, club, or extracurricular activity. \r\n\r\nThere is also very limited gymnasium availability, as we share our building with another school.  We would like to use our time efficiently and be able to provide the best opportunity to them. Our junior high school students love staying active and playing sports at school.My students have consistently asked for more opportunities to play sports and stay active at our school. They are very interested in the sport of volleyball.\r\n\r\nMany students anxiously ask: \""When can we play volleyball again??\"" I have started a morning volleyball program before the school day starts to give them more opportunities to play.\r\n\r\nThe balls they requested are official game play volleyballs. As our morning volleyball program continues to grow we need more equipment to meet the demands of our students and the program. \r\n\r\nOur students are eager to practice the skills of volleyball during basic drills to prepare them for competitive play. Our program will also provide valuable time where students can grow as individuals as they work on sportsmanship and teamwork. Providing my students with a volleyball program will also improve their school pride, and motivate students to be punctual for school and improve their overall attendance.\r\n"
f6fb4a102c0b0519e65a2b6270b2eaaa,Mrs.,NM,2016-05-22 22:19:54,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need options when it comes to seating in the classroom. I would love to give them choices to be as comfortable as they can be so they can focus on learning.,0,0,"Flexible Seating for Maximum Learning!Every day is a great day. My students are happy, caring, and brilliant! They work so hard to be leaders in the classroom and in our school. I love when the students are in charge of their learning and are hands-on as much as possible. \r\nMy students come from an area of high poverty with diverse backgrounds. Sometimes these students and families need help with getting food and clothing. Other families often face very unstable home lives and move around quite often. Even with these obstacles, my students always are ready to give 110% each and every day.As you know, first graders are incredibly active. They love to fidget and move. I have noticed that they cannot stay still long enough to learn and listen without a little help. \r\n\r\nWhen you donate to our cause, you are donating to help my students maximize their learning by providing comfort and choices. When they are able to choose their seating and be comfortable, its just one less thing to distract them in the classroom. They will be able to fully listen and take in every ounce of learning.\r\n\r\nThank you in advance for helping my students learn and grow this year!"
2590591618cec1c4626dfc8b5208c7fa,Mrs.,LA,2017-03-28 21:52:34,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need 14 personal portable eWriter tablets to use for individual daily written response and math skills practice.,9,1,"Never Bored with Boogie Boards! Part 2Our school is located in a high-poverty community with greater than 85% of students qualifying for free or reduced price lunch. For my students, school is safe haven, a place that they know they will be safe, fed, nurtured, and loved.  \r\n\r\nIn spite of their economic obstacles, my young students are energetic and eager to learn. We look for ways to channel our energy into hands-on learning fun. Though our funds and resources are limited, we are creative with what we have.They love to visit our school computer lab and take turns on our interactive whiteboard. The portable electronic blackboards are the modern version of pencil and paper. My students would be able to use these tools for word building, dictation, math, and handwriting practice. Boogie Boards are more exciting than pencil and paper, and they won't run out of ink or dry out. These devices could save us time and money in school supplies while giving us the opportunity to become a more technologically advanced 21st century classroom.\r\nIn these technology driven era, these boards would be one way to give my students hands-on experience with devices.\r\nNot only will the personal blackboards keep them actively engaged in lessons, but also provide a fun way to practice using hand-held technology while honing their academic skills."
739e874994c270881f4b4b323f36ce73,Ms.,NM,2016-08-09 14:48:23,Grades 9-12,History & Civics,Social Sciences,My students need tool to create a school mural!  Students will use all of their individual canvases to create a beautiful quilt-like mural that shows how they are individuals and how each individual builds our community!,0,1,"My New MexicoThe Leadership High School Network (LHSN) is a network of cutting-edge, industry-focused schools in Albuquerque, New Mexico. LHSN schools are based on robust and active industries in New Mexico and engage students through project-based learning. The schools seek to provide students with the necessary skills to become successful professionals and meet the needs of our future workforce. The design of these schools is grounded in a deep knowledge of industry from professionals, in the direct engagement with LHSN schools and students, and in research and expertise from the Center for School Leadership.\r\n\r\nHealth Leadership High School  is committed to providing the best education to the students who need it the most. We serve poor students from low socioeconomicfamilies that are between 14 and 24 years of age. Our design is built around the needs of\r\nstudents and the school will operate from 9:00 am to 9:00 pm because roughly 1/3 of students have dropped out of high school and the remaining 2/3 of students will be in grades 9-12. \r\n\r\nHealth Leadership High School is a public school dedicated to hands-on, project-based learning through the lens of the health profession; our school serves the most disenfranchisedStudents are going to explore their place in New Mexico history and the different communities that they come from.  Students will leave this project with a better understanding of their community and the power of art. \r\n\r\nStudents will create a quilt mural that shows how every person builds community! The mural will be a permanent mural for our school that will remind students that we create community and we are responsible for not just seeing the differences but also finding the commonalities.\r\n\r\nMy hope for this project is that every student learns about NM history and themselves through the creating something beautiful."
8a3e858b607db16812174344200c18e7,Ms.,WA,2017-01-17 20:11:17,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Music & The Arts","Early Development, Visual Arts","My students need wood circles, acrylic paint, canvass and easels for a group project where they will paint an image onto canvass and wood pieces.",23,1,"Painting Places!My first grade class is primarily English Language Learners who come from very diverse backgrounds.  I have about 7 different languages spoken in my classroom.  My students are also 70% free and reduced lunch.  Despite their struggles, they persevere in school and want to do well. They come to school each day with a smile on their face and are eager to learn.  My students love to read and learning to become great mathmatictions.  Their excitement is contagious!  I also have a group of very supportive parents.  They want to help out in the classroom and want to support their students at home.I would like to have the kids come up with an ideal setting they would love to visit.  Once they draw out their ideal place; the ocean, a beautiful sunset, castles with unicorns, their house, they will paint this image onto the wood pieces. \r\nI would also like for the kids to be able to paint on canvas and learn how to paint on easels.  Through this project they will be exposed to painting on different mediums other than paper. \r\nMy goal with this project is for the kids to gain self confidence and a sense of being able to achieve any goals they set for themselves.  I am requesting materials that are not provided by our school and/or district.  I want to expose students to many types of art and spark their interests."
f08b39f2063200201d5e4969fe4e4d45,Mrs.,IL,2016-08-02 21:36:15,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Health & Wellness","My students need snacks, health journals and places to keep these items!",1,1,"Getting Healthy in the Classroom!!!The students in my class are outgoing and fun.  They are eager to come to school and visit with their friends, but what fifth grader doesn't enjoy socializing!  They are mostly from low income families but have strong ideas and opinions about life.  \r\nThe focus is to learn to eat healthy and get active outside.  This goal is reaching all students in every grade and we are working hard to make sure all students know that living long and healthy lives starts in elementary school!My students have requested several different items for this project.  They want journals to keep track of their health and fitness activities.  They want a place to keep their journals private so the mailbox would be a special place to keep their journals, as well as their headphones and mp3 players.  The students are so excited about this project and getting fit.\r\nStaying motivated is the key to keeping 5th graders excited about exercise and eating healthy.  I want the kids to make goals at the beginning of the year and stay focused throughout the school year!  This would be a great start to helping them become successful with their new plan."
1df14ccf637710bce45065f8a2d25a53,Ms.,VA,2016-07-28 12:08:03,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need basic supplies to start off a great year!,0,1,"Our Students are Amazing and Want to Succeed!I teach at a Title 1 school with a high African American population where 100% of our students receive free breakfast and lunch. They face many challenges at home and in the community.\t As you already know, public school teachers spend upwards of $500 of their own wages on supplies for their classrooms. School supplies are at a minimum and with budgets cuts it is getting harder and harder to give our kids the resources they need to be successful. Our students are amazing and want to succeed however, they lack the basic materials to help achieve that goal.Many, if not most of our students, do not have the pencils, paper, or notebooks that most individuals take for granted. Throughout the school year, my students use a variety of supplies including scissors, pencils, colored pencils, crayons, paper, notebooks, and glue sticks. Not to mention items such as dry erase markers, erasers, staples, hand soap, and disinfecting wipes which are always needed. These classroom supplies can be difficult to come by, especially for families who are in low-income areas. One of my goals for the upcoming school year is to be able to provide supplies for my students.\r\nThis project will help make our classroom a place where students can succeed. As with many school systems, our district has made many budget cuts, which always means less funds for classrooms. School budgets shrink but student needs have increased. I want my students to be ready for a successful school year."
5bde9354baeebe921c311c926d7ed111,Ms.,CA,2016-08-12 17:11:49,Grades PreK-2,Applied Learning,Other,"My students need cubbies to organize their independent work. In our classroom students sit in pods with shared materials (pencils, scissors, markers, etc.), so they will need a space to house their individual work.",2,1,"Cubbies for First GradersAs a teacher in a high-poverty school, I have the unique opportunity to work with a group of twenty-seven students, from varying backgrounds, who all contribute individual skills and strategies to our classroom. \r\n\r\nAs a first grade teacher, I have the lucky opportunity to help my students grow as Our class is made up of a multilingual and global community of learners. We have a group of self-starters who are enthusiastic readers, writers, mathematicians, scientists and historians. As a firstIn our classroom, first graders sit in pods of 4-6 students with shared classroom materials to promote ideas of teamwork and collaboration. While our class will be a highly collaborative environment, the students will be expected to complete some independent work. \r\n\r\nWith a set of classroom cubbies, students will have an appropriate space to house their independent work (book bags, poetry folders, mathematics work and word study packets). Our classroom has plenty of teacher storage and hooks for backpacks, but there is no place for students to store their personal materials. Cubbies will allow the students to feel that their work is always accessible in an organized way. They will additionally help students become more responsible for keeping track and taking care of their work."
9ba76687d360ab1cc4e6521ecf303fc7,Teacher,CO,2016-09-20 17:32:39,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Other, Special Needs",My students need equipment and materials to meet their high sensory needs.,0,0,"Miss Fry's Classroom In NeedThis elementary is a title school district that exclusively holds a program titled WISC.  WISC is the only autism center based program in the district.  I have 8 wonderful kiddos in my class ranging from Kindergarten to 1st grade.  The needs in this room vary, but the whole class has a great need for sensory time throughout the day to maintain focus as well as meet their sensory needs.  These students are brilliant, but require the extra sensory equipment that unfortunately is unavailable due to funding.  With the help of appropriate equipment to meet their needs I know these students will flourish.  I would love to provide this opportunity for them, but being a first year teacher I cannot financially support those needs yet.\r\nI would love to be able to give these kiddos what they need in terms of sensory.  Unfortunately we do not have the funding for a complete sensory room, so I am trying my best to provide those experiences in my classroom.  All supplies that are donated will be used in my classroom on a daily basis during a special sensory time as well as for sensory breaks that they so desperately during the day.  Sensory materials will bring a new light to the children in my classroom. Thank you so much for your help in this effort!  The children will be so thankful."
5cfcafc29a3184ce35f5a4dd4aa55572,Mrs.,HI,2017-03-28 20:15:58,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Health & Sports","Health & Life Science, Health & Wellness",My students need flexible seating options to foster their innovation and motivation for learning.,2,1,"Flexible SeatingThe students in my room are amazing ambassadors of the world. Our classroom family includes a mixture of active-duty military families and locals. \r\n\r\nWe foster a love for learning and innovation. My students have awesome personalities and teach me something new every single day! They are always interested in new ways of learning, activities and want to engage in learning in fun ways.  I want to help my students maintain their love of learning by helping them engage physically while learning difficult material.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nMy classroom is a place which fosters innovation and collaboration. Having flexible seating would allow for students to easily move to engage with their peers. Right now our classroom only has hard plastic chairs, where loose rivets catch clothing and hair. This makes for frequent distractions and complaining. When the students learned about this project their faces lit up with excitement! \r\n\r\nAn innovative classroom should not look the same as it did 70 years ago. Providing a work space that is inviting and engaging is a work place where problem solvers are created.  the immediate benefits of flexible seating include burning more calories, using up excess energy, improving metabolism, increased motivation and engagement, creating a better oxygen flow to the brain, and improving core strength and overall posture.\r\n"
d202cdf7862821265f03043967a699f5,Mr.,FL,2016-09-22 13:14:39,Grades 3-5,Applied Learning,"College & Career Prep, Other","My students need access to smart technology in order to complete, organize and synthesize their online learning portfolios.",0,0,"Smart Kids Need Smart Technology!Hi! I am a teacher of students who are intellectually gifted and 100% of whom live in some level of poverty.  All of my students qualify to receive free or reduced priced lunches, and those same students come to our school with an advanced need to grow and learn above grade level.  Their access to smart technology is limited due to their families' income levels, yet these particular students, most of whom are reading and performing in math and science at the middle and high school levels, are in dire need of technological access.  Florida's gifted standards include many goals and objectives to assist students in developing not only technological expertise at the elementary level, but also to create new ways to use technology - and encouraging them to invent new technology.  \r\nEven though my students all have the CAPACITY and ABILITY above and beyond their age and grade levels, they are held back by the inequity afforded by their family and community situations.  I have spent almost my entire career working with students who come from similar restraints in their lives, and I am committed to finding ways to help them.  Please help me help them!My students need smart technology so that they can become the leaders for our tomorrow - the leaders we need them to be.  Our world now revolves around online presences, electronic portfolios, virtual learning, student coding and programming, personal websites, email collaboration and much, much more.  By the time my students get to middle school, they are required to enroll in at least one virtual (online) course, and what holds many of them back is not the content of the course, but the lack of previous access to the technological capability of doing so.  By acquiring these smart tools, my students will not only be well-prepared as the gifted students they are to tackle the content of middle school and beyond, they will also be enabled by advanced learning technology to create their own virtual electronic projects.  Please help us help our kids have equitable opportunities that gifted students have who come from wealthier families! Thank you so much!"
1238985b0bb2acd60e45c96765cefe1e,Mrs.,NY,2017-04-05 20:59:03,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Health & Sports","Early Development, Health & Wellness",My students need a place to store their books in my flexible seating learning environment.,6,1,"Bye Bye Desks!My students are great kids with much energy. I hope they enjoy coming to school as much as I do. \r\nI have been teaching for over 13 years and have four children of my own. I want only the best for my children, as well as my students. \r\nOne of the greatest challenges I face is keeping my children moving and comfortable.  Expectations and work loads have increased and the desks and setup remain the same. I pride myself on moving them constantly, allowing them to stretch. I actually tied elastic bands to their desks so they can bounce their feet and feel some movement. Anyone with young children knows that kids NEED to move. I recently went for professional development at Microsoft. We sat at 3 foot tables allowing us to sit, stand, stretch. We were able to move freely around the room and switch groups constantly. I think I would be the luckiest teacher if I could offer this to my students. Thank you for considering this project!One of the greatest challenges I face is keeping my children moving and comfortable. Expectations and work loads have increased and the desks and setup remain the same. I pride myself on moving them constantly, allowing them to stretch. I actually tied elastic bands to their desks so they can bounce their feet and feel some movement. Anyone with young children knows that kids NEED to move.\r\n\r\nImagine having to sit in your car when taking a long car ride.\r\nAs much as I pride myself by encouraging my students to move throughout the day, they do still have to sit.  I envision a classroom with different types of seating arrangements, tables varying in height,  soft cushions and stools. My students still need a place to store their notebooks and personal belongings if my dreams of being desk-free come true.  This project  would bring me one step closer to creating an amazing learning environment."
22ac1850a090224a6b3fd67ed97b6555,Mrs.,CA,2017-03-28 18:42:41,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need access to early reader books and also to high interest/low level books.,2,1,"Early Reader Books and Class Book SetI teach an amazing group of middle school students. I teach two reading intervention classes and one study skills classes. My project is focused on my very early readers. I have a great group of kids that need that extra help and access to some great early reader books. We have access to early reader books, however, my students have each read over 100 books each and we need a bigger selection in our classroom library. This would make a great impact!I have two different intervention classes. I need early reading material for my lower level students and I need high interest low level books for middle school students that are reading below grade level. I need low level books (phonics and sight word books) for my students that are struggling with our phonics intervention system. I also need two class sets of high interest low level books. I'm asking for two classroom sets of these books. I would also like access to low level books for my struggling early readers. This will have such an impact on both of my classes!"
8bb3d5b869add3265ba9d8a7f80cc56c,Mrs.,OR,2016-09-16 19:31:25,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need robotics kits to enable them to work on STEAM activities and develop engineering and science projects.,0,1,"Robotics Rule the School!My energetic and curious 5th graders thrive using hands-on projects. Being kids of the 21st century, they love using technology to solve engineering challenges. They come from a variety of economic backgrounds and with different experiences.\r\n    The world is a fascinating place to my students, ready to be explored. \r\n    Technology has changed our world in the past few decades. I want to challenge my students to solve problems in different ways. These kids are eager learners, filled with questions and curiosity. Their future is unlimited, and we're ready to start pushing our minds past what's been done. \r\nMy goal is to put wonderful technology in my students' hands. I want to provide materials for exploration with Math, Technology, and Science. These kits will allow kids to work together to solve problems.\r\n    I am excited to see my students' creativity and enthusiasm as they work collaboratively with robotics.\r\n Kids will be highly engaged as they observe and experiment with new ways to achieve a goal. They'll use Math and Science in concrete ways to learn about design and function. \r\n     Making technology useful and fun will inspire kids with a range of abilities and interests. Discovery is at the heart of these materials, building self confidence and the willingness to take risks.\r\n\r\n"
46f5a8795dc7e4986261f5c5c8635c71,Mrs.,TX,2017-03-29 12:23:25,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need a Chromebook, case and screen protector to help us become tech savvy.",103,1,"A Chromebook for Us Part 2I teach in the same rural school district I went to school in many years ago. All my children have also graduated from the same school district. My life is invested in this small East Texas community, where over 65% of my students are socioeconomically disadvantaged. \r\n\r\nI love my class and want to do everything I can to help them be the best that they can be. I have a very diversified class. Because of this diversity, I MUST diversify my teaching style. The students in my class face many challenges both at home and in school. It is often difficult to motivate my students to learn, but I feel honored to be able to call them my students. I will go to \""Infinity and Beyond\"" to motivate and engage each and every one.Although there is no extra money for providing technology in the classroom, we try our best to keep up with the times. This is why we need new a Chromebook, case and screen protector! The new laptop will provide my students with the opportunity to research topics being taught in class, and will also allow them to type and publish their personal writing pieces. We can do math, reading and spelling games. We can also take AR tests. The laptop will be used by all students, and will definitely be utilized in all academic areas.\r\n\r\nEveryone knows how it feels to be without technology when it is needed.\r\nWhether it be a phone, a computer, or a laptop, technology is necessary when looking up information or learning new things. Especially with my TECH savvy students! We are in desperate need of a new laptop that will make learning FUN! PLEASE help us!"
6a7087ca73f002c37f7e5116f92c6407,Teacher,CA,2017-03-23 10:26:46,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,My students need a colorful and inviting place to find their creativity. We need some basic supplies like tempera paints brushes and a art station. It would be a wonderful space if we had clean carpeting.,3,1,"Finding Our Creative Minds and Hands.Without art in our curriculum how can our students express their creativity? I have the pleasure of teaching at a title one, low poverty school in Antelope California. Sadly, our school does not have designated art teachers and art supplies to support our students artistic development. We have a great art docent program that has limited resources for parent volunteer to teach a few lessons to students. I have started an after school art club. During the club I try and expose the children to many artistic experiences and materials as I can. I would love to have watercolor paint sets, acrylic paints, canvas, watercolor paper for them to paint on. I need an inviting place for the children to gather and our carpet area is currently very drab and boring. The kids do I have even arranged for the local Crocker Art Museum to bring the museum exhibits to our school if I can raise enough funds. Many of my students may never have the opportunity to see real art in a museum or create original art work of their own due to the lack of art and visual performing arts being offered except during art club in myOur classroom needs to be an exciting and vibrant place to create and learn each day. . Having some basic tools such as brushes, paper and paint for art would be great. We need the basic tools to start our watercolor painting projects. \r\n\r\nI think sprucing up the environment in our classroom may make it feel like we have moved to a new more homey place. Being comfortable in a colorful and inviting environment would be a great change. Having a clean sitting area that is fresh and inviting may inspire these little minds about gather together and sharing new ideas together."
2e1c1ee85e2b157c373255ae2014f78f,Mrs.,PA,2017-03-13 14:32:52,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need large print books, markers, homework folders and stamp pads so they can become more engaged in media literacy.",23,1,"Exploring Media LiteracyMy students come from a large, diverse K through 8 high poverty school in a high crime area of Philadelphia, which receives Title 1 funding. 100% of my students are eligible for free breakfast and lunch. \r\nMy incredible students are in kindergarten, first and second grade. They are excited about learning and want to excel in school. They come from diverse backgrounds with a variety of needs. Some have physical needs, others have autism, ADD, or ADHD; others face emotional challenges, but all of the children have the same desire to learn.My students love books. Sadly we do not have many big books to engage the youngest readers in my classroom. My project will allow my students the freedom to read and discover information from both fiction and non-fiction stories. The ink will allow my youngest readers to create their own story books.\r\n   Children need to be immersed in media literacy at an early age so they can discover the world around them.  I want my students to use the homework folders so that they can take information home to continue their intrinsic learning. They can bring back information in their folders to share with their peers. This will allow my students the opportunity to digest information in a variety of comprehensive ways."
5c45eb2083913ee8fcf38dac4eadee41,Mrs.,MO,2016-11-16 18:03:17,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need a place to gather on the carpet where they have enough room to sit comfortable and learn.,1,1,"Classroom RugMy students are eager to learn and do their best, but they need a safe and comfortable environment where they can flourish and succeed in all they do at school.  \r\n\r\nI teach at a Title I school in Kansas City, MO, where all students receive a free breakfast.  Many of the students also receive a free or reduced-price lunch.  \r\n\r\nI want all my students to be excited and ready to learn when they come to school.  One way I can do that is by providing them a safe and comfortable environment to work in.My students' learning can be improved by having a rug that we can all gather at for a common meeting place and have enough room to all sit on the carpet together.  Right now our carpet is too small for everyone to fit on or around.  A common space to meet throughout the day is essential to their learning.  \r\nHaving a big enough carpet for everyone to sit on will help keep my students focused.  We meet on the carpet all day long for lessons and sharing time for all subject areas.  It will also help with making my classroom feel warm and welcoming to everyone. \r\n\r\nI really like how this carpet is very colorful and has enough spots for all of my 20 students to sit on comfortable."
c4bc5009c9cd93b733ef1ddb0152ad8b,Ms.,NY,2016-10-04 22:15:05,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need pencils and dry erase markers to complete daily activities. They also need folders to organize their work. Students need to print their published writing which is where the ink will be utilized.,0,0,"Empowering Our Classroom..with SUPPLIES!My students are determined to make a difference in the world they live in. They realize in order to make a difference they need to start with themselves. They are very driven to learn and be the best individual that they can be. \r\nMy students want to blossom into very successful and extraordinary individuals that will benefit the community and world that they live in. \r\nMy students realize that this goal takes hard work, determination and persistency.  My students are striving to beat all the odds that are placed against them!Most of my students come from low income households. Because of this, many cannot afford a printer to print materials needed to promote learning or complete assignments. This means that many of my students are unable facilitate their own learning.\r\n\r\nHowever, my students are dedicated to working hard and putting in extra effort to succeed against near impossible odds.\r\n\r\nMany mornings, students will come to school early so they can print out extra activities to complete at home which facilitates learning. By supporting my project, you will ensure ink, pencils, dry erase marker and folders are available, even at a Title I school like ours. This will alleviate some of the stress and challenges my students face as a results of their lack of resources."
c918f22b184de69643fe359988913954,Mrs.,TX,2016-07-06 08:26:53,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need books, books, and more books.  I have selected 61 books of varying levels to create a classroom library.  I chose books from high interest series that students will love to read.",7,1,"Books for my  Brainacs!If I had to choose one word to describe my scholars, it would be SPECTACULAR. Although they come from different backgrounds and  abilities, each one of them is amazing. They are creative, polite, funny, excited about school, and incredibly fun. I believe my students deserve the world, but unfortunately the world is not in the budget.\r\nOur school is very diverse, and a large population of our scholars come from poverty. We also serve a large population of English language learners.\r\n\r\nAlthough my kids are different, they are all awesome!\r\n\r\nOur class library leaves a lot to be desired.  My students love to read, and they deserve a library where they are able to read interesting and enjoyable books. \r\n\r\nHaving these books available to them, will encourage my students to read. I tried to handpick books that students are familiar with but that accommodate many different levels of readers. \r\n\r\nSometimes it only takes one book to unlock a child's passion for reading. \r\n\r\nTo be successful, students need access to books, and for students to want to finish books, they must be high interest. Please help me put books in kids' hands!"
d3f7257cff6a0144daf39afad01928a1,Mrs.,WI,2017-01-31 09:50:41,Grades 9-12,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Other, Special Needs",My students need sensory regulation tools and workbooks to address mental health and executive functioning issues.,2,0,"Self-Regulation and Sensory IntegrationThe students at my high school make teaching more than a career. My students inspire me to continually challenge myself as an educator in order to meet their needs. As a special education teacher, I work with amazing, funny, charismatic teenagers. My students didn't ask for academics to be challenging or to have a disability. My students are teenagers working with the tools they have to be successful. It is my privilege to assist my kids with honing those tools and skills in order to experience success.\r\n\r\nI have a profound personal responsibility facilitating the individual success of all of my students.As a special education teacher, I work with students with a wide range of needs. Currently, I have a large population of students that need assistance with self-regulation. My students' disabilities range from ADHD to autism to post-traumatic stress disorder.\r\n\r\nMy goal is to provide meaningful tools that foster self-regulation in order for my students to live fulfilling lives in control of their minds and bodies.  For each student, this will look different. For my students that struggle with self-esteem, I model positive self-talk and thought redirection. For these students, I plan to use the Self-Esteem Workbook for teens to facilitate ongoing coaching and dialogues. \r\n\r\nI look forward to providing fidgets for my students that struggle with anxiety. A fidget provides an outlet for nervous energy. The fidgets provide age appropriate coping skills and removes the stigma."
fc0a0c9b8d202e0b8f60898e5d4ca5ab,Mrs.,FL,2016-09-28 20:11:48,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need these iPad cases to make their iPads more \""kid friendly\"" and durable. They will be using the iPads during Reading and Math centers.",0,1,"Keep Our iPads Safe!We have over 150 AMAZING kindergarten students this year! They are fun-loving students who are eager to learn! Every morning they walk in the door excited for the day and the learning that is to come. \r\nApproximately 73% of the students at our school are on free and reduced lunch, many students came to school with little to no school supplies this year.  \r\nThey are active learners who need a variety of learning tools. Donations are essential to help these students reach their highest potential. \r\nStudents will have regular access to 3 classroom iPads. These iPads do NOT currently have cases on them, making them very vulnerable. \r\nStudents will use these iPads to build letter and number knowledge, reading fluency, as well as addition and subtraction skills.  They will be able to work with partners to both encourage and challenge each other. The iPads are equipped with a variety of apps that meet student needs in several subject areas. \r\nThese iPads need to be in a protective case so that the students will be able to use them on a daily basis to increase student achievement."
2cd1ef232eb505cfc05bc71cc4ee7d15,Teacher,MA,2016-09-11 14:35:34,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need a quiet listening area to listen to stories.,0,1,"I Can Listen to a Story!As a Kindergarten teacher of 20 years in a urban setting. I have been faced with many challenges.  The students in my class are increasingly presenting problems such as poverty, limited English proficiency, family instability, and poor health.  Despite the challenges, I strive to give my students the best education I can possibly give.\r\n\r\nMany of these students have little or no preschool experience at the start of Kindergarten.  They have not been exposed to a simple task like holding a crayon and a pencil.  I am determined to close the gaps and individualized my instruction to meet the needs of all learners.Students will visit the listening center once a day to listen to a selected story then write about what they listen to.  Students will write about their favorite part of the story.  As the year progresses, students will write about the story that they have listened to using the story elements: characters, setting, beginning, middle, end.  As the students rotate to the listening center, the teacher will work with a small group of students on guided reading.  During this guided reading time, the students will practice reading with the teacher to improve their reading skills and comprehension skills.  It is also a time when the teacher evaluates the students' reading abilities to individualized her reading instruction."
184e1555af45a2c80244936e8bef54bb,Mrs.,NY,2017-03-27 14:37:47,Grades 6-8,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs","My students need stimulating books for our classroom library.  We would love to include books by Kwame Alexander, Rick Riordan, James Patterson and Lynda Mullaly Hunt.",10,1,"Books Will Help Us Become \r\nBetter Readers!My students are motivated, creative and intelligent students. I teach sixth grade in a high poverty, diverse school in New York. More than 50% of our population qualify for free or reduced lunch. Some of my students live in homeless shelters and do not have the opportunity to access great books.\r\nI love that my students are excited about reading! My students especially love having the opportunity to take out books in my classroom. Often times, other students will recommend a book. This is exactly the type of excitement and motivation I want to foster.The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.  Dr. Seuss\r\nHaving a classroom library with various genres will motivate my students to become better readers. A classroom library will allow more contact with books. This will increase vocabulary development and improve their literacy. I want to provide my students with books that will hold their interest.\r\n\r\nMy goal is to have my students become consistent readers and to enjoy spending time with great books.  I want them to have the opportunity to select books that interest them. My hope is for my students to become lifelong readers.\r\n"
87c6418bcaf2f28def6c32ce0f73bd8c,Ms.,IL,2016-12-16 15:46:27,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, History & Civics","Literacy, Social Sciences",My students need a Time for Kids subscription bundle so they can stay connected and up-to-date with all that is going on in their world.,8,1,"Keep us CURRENT on our EVENTS!Frederick Douglass once said, \""Education means emancipation.\""  I couldn't agree more.  I teach two classes of 5th graders each and every day.  They are eager learners and love to gain as much knowledge as they can. I incorporate real life issues into everything we do, as I know being educated about these things will not only help my students to become better people, but also to be sure my students are \""free\"". This is hard, however, because even with their will and drive to learn, my students are from an extremely low-income, urban neighborhood. This means there is little to no funding for any materials or experiences outside of the district-mandated curriculum and textbooks. Because of this, it is hard for my students to connect with these issues in a real way when due to lack of materials and funding, all they can do is be talked about. Their circumstances and the neighborhood where they live unfortunately get in the way of their access to many of the amazing things that are offered- and this isn't fair.  My students deserve to have engaging opportunities to experience the world around them so their education can be their emancipation.Having a subscription to Time for Kids will allow my students to have a high-quality, engaging resource to inform them of all that is going on in our world.  It is a weekly publication, so students will have frequent opportunities to engage in current events, debate their differing opinions over the issues, and just become knowledgeable and informed members of society.  The TFK publications will be used in a variety of ways- as a whole group, in targeted small groups, and also to do a more in-depth exploration on the computers.  Just like Frederick Douglass said, education DOES mean emancipation- so by intentionally educating my students on what is going on in their world, they will be emancipated and feel free to explore, live, contribute, and ultimately to change their world."
a3838fea7e4d00585a0a9e8f08ede29a,Mr.,OK,2017-03-22 10:40:16,Grades 9-12,"Warmth, Care & Hunger","Warmth, Care & Hunger",My students need to know we hold their safety as a top priority.,3,1,"Crisis ManagmentMy students are from a low income school which has been affected by the budgets cuts very much.  We have limited access to extra funds to make our students' learning experience the best it can be. However, our students have risen above this to continue to produce a newspaper that is building a community within our school. \r\nWhat makes my students special is their willingness to spread a positive culture throughout our school. Their hard work and dedication have proved to be extremely effective creating a sense of community within our school.Our district is updating our policies and bringing our school up-to-date on our crisis planning.  We are a low income school needing to find a way to take care of our students if the need should arise.  We are wanting to put in place emergency buckets for such crisis moments.  This project will get us started with what we are wanting to do as a district and will allow us to have resources in place for our students.  These buckets will be placed throughout our school in strategic locations until all classrooms are able to obtain their very own bucket."
74430e6f8d20a695bab0c73b6eed0bc1,Mrs.,SC,2017-01-06 20:02:31,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,Environmental Science,My students need hands on science kits and materials to engage in problem based learning experiences.,5,1,"Science Kits for STEM Learners!My students have very diverse backgrounds! We are a Title I school, which means our school has a large amount of students and/or high percentages of children from low-income families. Our school has a total of 665 students in grades K-4. The student population consists of 51% Caucasian American, 42% African-American, and 7% Other. 37% of the student body has been identified as a having a learning disability. \r\n\r\nOur mission is to prepare students to become productive, responsible citizens and life-long learners. We strive to find creative resources that will help us meet challenging state academic standards. We demonstrate this vision by challenging our students with the use of best practices and by participating in continuous professional development. In my classroom, I utilize an integrated standards-based curriculum that emphasizes technology. We are currently transitioning into a STEM magnet school that uses project-based learning methods. Our aim is to prepare students to become critical thinkers and problem solvers who can thrive in the 21st century. \r\nMy students are creative thinkers and problem solvers. They are busy, and wiggly and oh so ready to move- to get their hands on materials! My students learn best when they can investigate and test... to create a hypothesis and see if they were correct! Students need to be taught through hands-on experiences and projects because they understand through more through doing! My students love discovering how things work and why they work. They love applying their knowledge through the creation of products. \r\nScience is so much more than reading out of a textbook. Through this project, my students will be given kits and materials that will allow them to identify minerals through scratch testing and using magnifying glasses to see crystals! The rock kit will help my students to have an encounter with the three different types of rocks and allow them to get a better understanding of how they are formed. With the matter kit my students will be able to make models of the three types of matter!"
bd30a5f23d995f2b7617b390ef40f717,Ms.,CA,2016-08-08 20:13:47,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need one Chromebook to build their mathematical knowledge through technology literacy,1,1,"My Students Are The Future!I have the pleasure to teach some of the most intelligent students that I have ever met. My classes are highly diverse with a wide range of cultures, personalities, and skill levels represented.\r\n Each one of my students is a unique individual with specific needs, but all of my students are highly motivated by technology. Despite being located in a great neighborhood, I still have students that do not have access to a computer and are embarrassed to seek help.\r\n\r\nI will use these Chromebook computers to weave computer science into my math lessons. Coding is the language of the future, and every student must learn it! In December, my students will be participating the global Hour of Coding. During this lesson, my students will be introduced to the fundamental skills of coding. Throughout the year, I hope to continue to foster my students interest in computer science by giving them easy access to coding programs. My students may never be asked to solve for x at their future jobs, but they will need to have the problem-solving skills that allow them to break down complex problems (like solving for x). It is vital that my students understand the practical applications of mathematics, so that they will be inspired to pursue STEM careers.\r\n\r\nI will also use this technology to provide my struggling students with targeted instruction that will help them gain confidence in math. With a class of thirty-five, it is often difficult for me to give one-on-one instruction to every student that needs it. Having these computers in the classroom will allow me provide that personal instruction to those students. These computers will also give my students who do not have access to technology at home the opportunity to learn computer skills."
cc8e31b5bd7cb3aac95df18aeed14ad1,Mrs.,OH,2017-01-16 11:42:46,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need 8 Ozobot Evos for STEM learning. Help usher us into the world of coding fun!,4,1,"STEM Coding with Ozobots! Learning packed in a little bot!We are an active, hands-on, diverse class of 2nd grade learners! We love to explore areas of math, science, language arts, music and art with materials and activities that are engaging to our minds and bodies. Our families are in a low economic area who struggle to make ends meet. School is where kids can go to feel safe and supported.\r\n\r\nLearning on the go and \""thinking outside of the box\"" inspires our learning everyday! Donations made to our classroom will help us continue to build knowledge and expose us to the great things the world has to offer!\r\nUsing Ozobots, our students will be able to physically manipulate the code used to make these bots go! We love doing an Hour or Code online, but seeing our codes in action brings coding to life.\r\n\r\nStudents will have engaging, hands-on experiences working with STEM concepts using Ozobots. Our students have little access to technology materials at home but it is not impossible to bring them into the classroom!\r\n\r\nSTEM learning with coding is just the beginning. Because the students can change the codes used, learning  and experimentation potential is limitless. Help bring us in to the world of coding with Ozobots!"
f70b6a062dd7a8e7ccbd14b43ea87c6e,Ms.,CA,2016-09-01 22:04:51,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,"My students need a complete Science manipulatives kit including rocks, marbles, magnets, and rubber bands with a cart to hold it all.",2,1,"California Science Hands-on Exploration Lab KitMy students are lively, curious, sweet, and resilient children living in a drought and wildfire ravaged area of California. Our children in this small community have faced many challenges: the fires, evacuations, relocations, a low-income area, high-needs, low-test scores, high pressure to improve, and much more.\r\n\r\nDespite all the challenges, students come to school ready to squeal over gooey, sticky, slimy monster snot and soft, fluffy, chirping chicks and cool domino tricks. They are excited and engaged and ready to learn.We have the textbooks and the ideas, but now we need the supplies. This project will give students the opportunity to experiment and test the ideas they read about in their books. This is the ultimate opportunity for true engagement - hands on.\r\n\r\nStudents will be able to build, push, pull, and touch their way to understanding Science concepts. This project will enable students to complete all the investigations in their Science curriculum this year. They will also be able to use these supplies to follow their curiosity and design and implement their own investigations.\r\n\r\nRubber bands can be used for sound explorations in Science or geometric   designs on geoboards. Marbles can be weighed or rolled down ramps. Rocks and minerals can be compared, contrasted, weighed, and tested. Building blocks are both a time-honored tradition and a new NGSS STEAM must-have. This Science cart will engage and challenge every student in the classroom. I can't wait to see what they come up with that I haven't even thought of yet!"
b8f4cd158b2d6b813caed1ff0831a1ec,Mrs.,RI,2016-09-03 06:36:12,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,Gym & Fitness,"My students need playground equipment so they can run, jump and soar to new heights!",5,1,"Teamwork Makes the Dream Work: Let Them Play!Few students enter my classroom in August meeting grade level expectations in reading. The right tools will help them make the progress needed to achieve grade level standards. \r\n\r\nThis is an old mill town with a high unemployment rate.\r\nThe families in my classroom are involved with their children's education, messaging me through Class Dojo, writing letters, talking to me during dismissal, helping their child with homework, and coming in for conferences. They want more opportunities for their children than they had. My students walk through that classroom door ready to work hard to acquire the skills they need to succeed.Our fifth grade students will have access to functional playground equipment which will serve to motivate them to run around and play. Currently, we observe children sitting and walking around the schoolyard. Our school wants to change that! \r\n\r\nThey will be able to play sports that have not been as accessible to them as to students from wealthier communities. They will be able to practice lay ups in basketball or kick a goal in soccer. They will be able to play kickball. Research states that increased physical exercise results in higher levels of concentration. \r\nhttp://www.cdc.gov/healthyyouth/health_and_academics/pdf/pa-pe_paper.pdf\r\n\r\nChildren will learn teamwork through group goals as they try to develop their skills as a team and work towards a common goal. Teamwork is essential when learning in cooperative groups. This is not only a skill for school but also for their future careers.\r\n"
9711045a55b9921caf9dd111cba48f00,Mrs.,TX,2016-04-27 14:01:20,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,"My students need three iPad Minis with cases in order to code, program, and control our robots (Dash, Ollie, and Sphero).",1,1,"iPad Minis for Cutting Edge Robotics Course at CHSWe are a progressive high school with a stellar faculty and a creative, motivated student body. Our students love to visit our makerspace area in order to explore, create, have fun, and play, while discovering all the ways in which coding and programming  might relate to future career possibilities.Our students are mostly middle-class high achievers. They are smart, responsible, trustworthy, and curious. When we bring them new things to learn, they eagerly respond by tackling projects with vigor and determination. Our school is an open concept, in which the library/learning center is the hub of the school. Our students spend a great deal of their day in this area in collaboration with their teachers and classmates, and they accomplish amazing things due to their creativity and open-mindedness. We have awesome students, and our community is so proud of them!We recently acquired three types of robots (Dash, Ollie, and Sphero). Although most of our students have smartphones, they do not have the data required to download apps to their personal phones at school. As a result, we are in need of three iPad Minis, whose use we will dedicate to the controlling of our new robots.\r\n\r\nIn a makerspace setting full of 3-D printing, Makey Makeys, and Little Bits, students would use these iPads for coding programs through which our robots would follow specific commands. Asking students to use their own personal cell phones for this purpose hasn't worked out as well as we'd hoped. Having these three iPad Minis would allow access for EVERYONE rather than just a select few students who are allowed to download apps at school.Programming and coding is so very important in this day and age, and students must be afforded every opportunity to learn these skills. We have made this our focus, and we need just a little more help with these iPads so that every student in our school has equal access. Who knows? Maybe one of our students is the next Bill Gates or Steve Jobs. Our goal is to open up every avenue to every student so that they have the very best chance possible for success. Thank you for your consideration."
93dd8462a1372431d0b13aa878505cf5,Ms.,GA,2017-02-16 11:35:08,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, History & Civics","Environmental Science, History & Geography",My students need an iPad mini to be able to do research.,1,1,"Exploring The World With An iPadMy students are a very diverse population that come from every demographic possible. They are taught from the first day of class that each individual has a history that is unique, that all came together to create their story. My students have learned to appreciate each other and our extended community through sharing our past.\r\n\r\nEach student brings a special quality into the classroom from which we have learned. Through working with this group and the interesting souls that have come through our doors, we have established a family environment where the needs of the individual are cherished and each student pushes the next to do their best.As we go deeper into the 4th-grade curriculum, my students have begun to do independent research about various topics. I love seeing the passion in them and would love to give them the tools needed to continue to thrive. Having access to more technology could help my students to explore new frontiers and have no boundaries in their queries. My students often come to me with a variety of questions and with access to more technology (like these Chromebooks) they will be able to strengthen their research skills instead of becoming dependent on their teacher for answers.\r\nDonations to my project will help my classroom to become a twenty-first-century learning hub where students can explore topics of interest as well as learn valuable research-based skills. This, in turn, will help my students to become better ready to enter the job market of the future."
d880f13cd427c6f85a5011beb29f028e,Mrs.,GA,2017-01-28 23:45:36,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need STEM materials in order to prepare for future.,0,0,"Fuel Mrs. Duncan's STEM ProjectMy classroom is a fair mixture of boys and girls who come from a variety of backgrounds and cultures.  Despite the transient living conditions that plague our neighborhood, I have been fortunate to have a steady group of students. \r\n\r\nThis enthusiastic and  bright group are on a path to reaching the highest goals they set for themselves. Their dreams are big.  They want to be presidents, doctors, teachers, principals, engineers, knights, and princesses!  \r\n\r\nI am blessed to have a awesome classroom full of smart and energetic kindergartners who are becoming life long learners.  I want to fuel their dreams and abilities by preparing them for the future of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.Our school and my class are striving to become more science, technology, engineering, and mathematics strong.  We had our first STEM day about two months ago.  It was fun and stressful.  The kids enjoyed the challenge of building a structure that the Big Bad Wolf could not blow down, but our materials were lacking. They used rocks, popsicle sticks, and linguine noodles for the experience. \r\n\r\nWhat better place to start than at the kindergarten level, getting students to think like mathematicians, engineers, and scientists! \r\n\r\nThe Design and Build Engineering Center and other STEM items will help students think abstractly while using hands-on materials.  These students are eager to learn and there is NO limit to their imaginations and potential for growth.  The socioeconomic status nor the culture of these students shall impede them from receiving all that public education has to offer and more.\r\n"
be7907d93c293c77f33dd2455ff4a069,Mr.,NC,2017-03-17 07:50:10,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, History & Civics","Applied Sciences, Social Sciences","My students need The Makey Makey kit to incorporate STEM into our classroom.  This kit will be invaluable for all core subjects, giving us a very flexible tool for kinesthetic and computer learning to the class.",2,1,"Learning History through programming!Our students are some of the most enthusiastic, curious, and tenacious you will ever meet.   We all work together to improve our situations, both the students and teachers, in a safe and nurturing environment.  I have seen acts of kindness and mutual support that have touched me deeply.  When our students have those \""light bulb\"" moments, they get just as excited as the teachers!  Most love reading, some love math and science, and a few even say Social Studies (my class) rates as their favorite.  I have never had the opportunity to work with this sort of diverse and dedicated student population in all of my experience as an educator.\r\n\r\nYet, this comes against the background of the low-income, urban setting they all share.  Our school is Title I and 100% minority African-American and Hispanic; many in this latter category have limited English proficiency.  The resource difficulties these children strive to overcome every day hinders their progress as young scholars and limits the activities and experiences other students of greater means have, and do experience at the same age.  We do all we can here at our school to help our students reach their potentials!At our school we focus on bringing enriching, STEM-focused activities to our students. By having the Makey Makey kit, we will be able to enhance our instruction with another layer of STEM engagement.   Currently, our school has limited core subject resources that directly incorporate STEM learning. By making it easier to bring such activities and project-based learning opportunities, we will broaden our students experiences and future education and career perspectives! Students will learn about how the technology they rely on in their daily lives works, and expose them to career fields most have never considered. Teachers are constantly adapting. This kit will make the task of adapting much easier while at the same time enhancing the learning environment for our students!"
a3cdf7decb182afefe0e806aaec6cd60,Ms.,MS,2017-04-26 09:01:41,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need 10 Robots to learn to code and program.,1,0,"Robotics and Stem in the ClassroomAs a teacher in a low-income school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom.  Achieving student growth and closing the achievement gap is a daily struggle for the vast majority of my students. I want to give them the best education that I can, but because I teach in a low-income district, that makes it very difficult. I want to give my students the necessary tools to compete locally with other districts and give them the knowledge to do so. \r\n\r\nThey are a very vibrant, creative and energetic group. When they come in the door every morning, its like a light bulb that goes off in their head, because here is my teacher, the one person who believes in me and my abilities. I love my students and I want only the best for them.All of our students want to learn to code and command a robot a least once in their lives. Our classes can work cooperately while learning how to code and command robots. This team collaboration will increase competitiveness and cooperation. The students will be learning to code and command robots in the classroom comfortably, many at a time. This helps them with the basic idea of technology and showmanship. As they progress, they will be able to do team and independent work to build self-esteem and to be able to practice socialization. We will be able to take these with us when we travel from classroom to classroom and demonstrate what the students have learned and showcase their abilities to control their robot completely. \r\nThe Sphero SPRK will play many roles in the program for the students.  The students will go through a series of programs to learn basic coding skills. Once they master those basic commands, they will begin coding on their own. They will have to showcase their abilities weekly, as we will have a Sphero SPRK showcase.\r\nFirst and foremost, it will give all students a chance to code and command a robot in class without being ashamed about their lack of or confidence in being able to command the Sphero SPRK. They can control the Sphero SPRK while they play and continue to build complex commands when their ability levels increase. This will enhance the environment not only in the classroom, but on their life journey as well.\r\n\r\n"
85e59f7f2a17cb660c6f52a7c8f1e494,Mrs.,NJ,2016-08-01 15:13:48,Grades 9-12,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need fitbits, stabilization stools, bouncy bands and other various items to keeps my students moving throughout the day.",20,0,"Keeping Us MovingWe are a performing arts school in a poor urban district in NJ. Students audition to enter our school, which is seen as a safe haven compared to the high school in town. Students must be able to excel not only in the arts but in their academic classes as well. A majority of them are reading below grade level and my goal is to improve their comprehension and reading skills as much as possible by the end of the year.A school day, 7 hours long, at times can seem like it goes on forever. We expect our kids to sit for long periods of time with only 3 min of walking around in between classes.   Our students don't move enough throughout the day to keep them healthy. I want to make it easier for my students to want to move to get that extra energy out so that they can focus when in the classroom. WE NEED TO GET MOVING MORE! We have a long school year ahead and remaining moving will help our blood flow and keeps our brains working."
d42a8ba4b11f4dc01d6e88616e18af95,Ms.,CA,2016-10-29 12:00:11,Grades 3-5,Music & The Arts,Music,My students need lounge cushions and music to engage in their learning and allow movement.,6,1,"Flexible Seating and Music to get us MovingI have 30 4th grade students in a suburb of San Ramon, CA. There are 16 males students and 14 female students. The majority, or 50%, of the students are Caucasian/White, 23% are Chinese, 13% are Hispanic or Latino, 10% are Asian Indian, and .03% is Vietnamese. Thus, it is a diverse classroom where the needs of the students vary drastically. I have many different learning modalities in my classroom, where each child has individual needs that I hope to meet.Many of my 4th grade students are wiggly and have the need for movement. I feel that by allowing my students flexible seating, they will be able to focus on their work and be less distracted by their classmates. Having seating options besides their assigned seat and desk, will allow them to move about the classroom which will also help our classroom community. Using music during transitions and for \""brain breaks\"" will also help to keep my students engaged in their learning.\r\n\r\nEvery student is different and when each student has needs taken into consideration, they will produce better work. When a child has flexible seating that allows them to move, they will have better concentration on their work and the child will not be reminded to sit in their seat correctly."
9b0aba338de6347e26d7ea986354f3e2,Mr.,MI,2017-01-17 20:31:05,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science",My students need Chromebooks to increase their comprehension and incorporate 21st Century skills in the classroom.,9,1,"Working Towards 1 to 1 With ChromebooksMy students are full of energy, excitement, and have amazing potential. They come into the classroom everyday ready to explore labs and share their knowledge.\r\n\r\nThe students in my classroom are scientists that need an energy outlet and the outdoors is a great way to do this. I teach an amazing group of 6th, 7th, and 8th graders at a Title 1 school. My students have very diverse backgrounds and learning styles. Students have a wide variety of needs, learning styles, and goals. My goal is to give each student the best learning opportunities possible.My students will utilize this technology on a regular bases to incorporate 21st century learning into the classroom. They will learn to interact with the real world and technology world through researching, writing, and investigating situations.\r\n\r\nWith the use of Chromebooks in the classroom, my students will have more opportunity to enhance their learning and relate classroom topics to real world situations. By doing so, they will expand their knowledge and comprehension of state standards and classroom topics. This technology will change the world and classroom for my students and move me closer to having a 1 to 1 classroom for my students."
95b218bc260af483737de0bef82cfb3f,Ms.,FL,2016-09-24 11:57:29,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Foreign Languages, Literacy",My students need culturally rich literary text which they can grow from through academic language.,1,1,"For the LOVE of Reading!\""Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body\""- Joseph Addison. These words ring true for every individual, especially our youth. Students at my school come from low income households that have a difficult time making ends meet let alone purchasing books for their children.\r\n I teach in a Title 1 school in Orlando, Florida where 100% of the students receive free breakfast, lunch and dinner. Giving students the opportunity to open their mind through literature is a gift that can be provided each time a child opens a book. Instilling a love for reading at a young age is imperative in building a future for our students. The look of pride a student portrays when they are holding their very own book is a beautiful site to witness.Students seldom get the opportunity to hold their very own book in their hands when reading at school. It is almost always a text book or copy they have been provided with.\r\n Giving students the concrete text in their hands provides them with a sense of pride and urgency to read independently. These books will not only instill the LOVE of reading but it will help them to connect to literature on a deeper level and expand their academic vocabulary. Students get better at reading by simply reading and these books will be just the ticket to encourage our students to increase their abilities!\r\n"
ee6c7d0cd87934fd65a9f469bf74b50b,Ms.,CA,2016-09-27 23:58:06,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need various items to optimize learning throughout our classroom.,13,1,"More Spaces to Learn and Grow!This school year I have students with a variety of needs. These students come from a variety of socioeconomic statuses, religions, and ethnics. With all these differences we build the love of learning in my room. I want my students to all have the opportunity to learn in multiple forms and deepen the knowledge that they have. \r\n\r\nEach student is unique in their learning style and goals. They are very active and benefit from sensory input while working to allow their brains to think and allow their bodies the activity they need on an ongoing basis.My students are a diverse group of learners - each with his or her own talents and ways of learning. But many of them need movement in order to allow them to focus. Being stuck at a desk all day is one of their most common complaints.\r\n\r\nMy students feel that if they could choose seating options allowed feel a chance to wiggle and get out their energy, they would perform better in class.\r\n\r\nThese supplies will help them maintain focus and allow them the ability to pay attention and meet many of their learning goals. The stools are additions that add even more options for the children. The difference in their level of engagement is directly related to their ability to be comfortable and that includes body movement.\r\n\r\nMy students will be able to use the materials to help them remain focused in class. The seat bands allow their feet to be active while to are able to sit and complete their work. And the fidgets, clipboards, auditory feedback phone, and other items will allow students to work around the classroom while being focused."
a14324fdd48ea9ede2dd0bee87a078c9,Mrs.,OH,2016-09-07 15:37:32,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need a wireless document camera so they can have a more interactive and dynamic learning experience in the classroom.,0,1,"Seeing Is Believing!My first graders are enthusiastic lovers of learning and life! Every year I am grateful to be an important part of a child's lifelong learning process.  For many kids, this is their first all-day experience in a classroom and I strive to make it a place where they learn and feel loved, encouraged and safe.  Our classroom is inclusive with learners of all types and abilities. My goal is for my kids to love coming to school so they can learn.\r\nA document camera allows me to fully engage students into their learning through the use of hands on activities and demonstrations that are \""live\"" and on a large screen for the whole class to see.\r\n Instead of being tied to the teacher computer or one location,  I chose a portable document counter that will allow me to travel around the classroom so that it can be used not only in a large group setting but also with small groups or even one on one with my students.  \r\nMy first grade room is full of visual and kinesthetic learners who will benefit greatly from this device."
b4eda4f44ef8614a875685b01ea3d2db,Mrs.,NY,2016-05-05 08:09:17,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need great literature to help guide them through the reading strategies.  A few of the books I have chosen, such as, Hatchet are award winning.",1,1,"Guided Reading BooksSome of my students have not yet discovered books that capture their imagination. These books could be the books that make my students fall in love with literature and make them soar throughout their educational career.My students are wonderful students. They are so eager to learn. They adhere to classroom rules and generally stay on task. However, as we know, students today are under enormous pressure. The expectation set for students today is very high.  Every year, students in my school are expected to reach the NYS goals for their grade regardless of the challenges that they face due to their circumstances. Many of my students have economic challenges and lack parental support. As a teacher, it is frustrating to know that many of your students are at a disadvantage, but must still meet their state standards and expectations. The reality is that not all students have books at home. I also have students with IEPs and English Language Learners. These students need to develop and catch up to their grade expectations and these books can help develop their fluency, vocabulary, and comprehension.After meeting with me during the guided reading block, they will work independently or in groups on the strategies that we worked on together as a group.  When I'm working with one group, the others will be working in different stations, for example, some will be reading silently, while others will be practicing their fluency with a partner with a timer, and/or another group will be writing about what they're reading.Guided reading has significant beneficial effects on helping my students develop reading skills. It is one of the most effective tools not only to improve  my students' fundamental reading skills but also to help them develop higher level comprehension skills.  With guided reading I can help establish fundamental skills necessary for proficient reading, identify weaknesses and strengthen specific skills, improve attention to detail, build fluency, expand vocabulary knowledge PLUS it's enjoyable."
3ea967606429da768664464fb46f3d92,Mrs.,VA,2017-04-20 16:55:47,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need the new furniture to provide them with a different option besides a desk and chair. The balls, rugs, and wobble chairs will allow them to be comfortable while engaging actively in classroom activities.",0,1,"Flexible Seating in a 21st Century ClassroomHow did you feel the last time you had to sit for several hours a day? Students in most classes are required to do just that. In my room, I am trying to create an environment where students can sit or stand (or lay on their tummies) in a way that best suits their needs while completing individual and group activities.Students in my classroom are diverse in their learning needs and backgrounds. They enjoy project-based learning activities that allow all students the chance to learn from each other.With these new ball, rug, and wobble chair seating choices, students can pull the chairs together as they are reading and discussing. They will have a classroom that feels more homey and allows them the freedom to move to collaborate with others. Alternative seating in our classroom allows students to make a choice of which seating arrangement is best for their learning. By giving them a choice I am helping them begin to learn how to make appropriate choices to make them more successful in the classroom. This also helps reduce the amount of behavior problems that can happen in the classroom. By having alternative seating, students have their own space to spread out and have room to work. Having alternative seating also helps with engagement. By having higher engagement, students will be more successful."
f8b9ba72061bf25fa15e67a02ec0d53a,Mrs.,TX,2017-02-02 18:19:13,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a wide range of materials (easy readers-chapter books) since we are a PK-4th grade campus.,3,1,"Readers Achieve-Help Us  Succeed!The students I teach are avid readers. More than half of them are English Language Learners (ELL).  Every day, they work hard to transition from Spanish to English. Currently, they are reading in both English and Spanish in an effort to become more proficient in English. They work hard to be successful. \r\n\r\nThis next year, we are moving to a new school, which while exciting, is also worrisome. In preparation of the move, extensive weeding is being done and many of the dated and/or worn Spanish titles are going away in the process. Our school is Title One and the population is very transient. Often libraries and books are the only thing that stay constant in their lives. Our students are very bright and can be very successful given the right tools to succeed.\tOur students LOVE books! They don't just describe books they want by their cover, or author, but by their content as well. I had a student today tell me he \""wanted that book that had a boy, that did calligraphy, in another country..I think Saudi Arabia.  I read it last year, it was really good and I want to read it again.\"" (It was Silent Music: A Story of Baghdad.)  This is just one of many examples. \r\nOur students are learning about countries, hobbies, wars, and many other topics through reading.  I would like to make sure students are continuing to grow in their ability to read, learn, and succeed in their native language as well as the language they are growing on a daily basis. With that in mind, I would like to purchase the requested Spanish book titles to replace some of the titles that are being lost within our library. I feel it is vital that I have a variety of titles to offer our students."
a670f34d99a0bb6527f97937849c7851,Mrs.,CA,2017-01-25 23:38:32,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need Chromebooks to become computer literate in our 21st century!,15,1,"Chromebooks: Computer Literate Part 3I have 24 awesome students who can't wait to come to school every day! We are a Title I school in a low socioeconomic neighborhood and 100% of them receive free breakfast and lunch. Many parents work two jobs and are barely able to support the family. All my students are English Learners with no resources available at home. They often come to school without supplies needed to be successful. School is a safe place for many of my students where learning is a priority.We have been very fortunate to get some chrome books donated. However, we are still in need of computers! My goals is to have a class set for all my students to use in the class, so they won't have for their turn. \r\n\r\nBeing computer literate is essential in our technological society!\r\n\r\nMy students will use the chrome books to learn basic computer skills such as highlighting a word or a sentence, saving their work, and learning to type. Being computer literate will help them be prepared and ready when they need to use the computers to take any assessments online. In additional, the chrome books will also be used as a learning tool to go on educational websites to practice reading and math skills."
cdc97919f02f47133027d23d16326de3,Mrs.,NJ,2017-04-12 09:51:29,Grades PreK-2,Applied Learning,Parent Involvement,My students need l this machine to encourage more family involvement and parent participation.,0,1,"Parents Popping InOur school has approximately a 65% ELL population. Many of our students have just left their home country and are coming to the US for the first time. Also, our school is a Title 1 school where over 90% of our students receive free or reduced price lunch due to the families low socioeconomic status.\r\n\r\nMany of our students come from single parent homes or homes where the mother or father are not the primary caregiver.  Here at Washington Avenue School we strive to create a family environment for our students and give them the support some are lacking at home.Getting Parent involvement will increase student learning because students will now have more support at home.  When parents attend school events we offer different tools on how to work with their children at home.\r\n\r\nIt has been proven in the past that when food is offered at a school function you get more parent attendance.\r\n\r\nWe can use this machine at various  school functions such as:  Parent Workshops, Fun Day, Popcorn & Movie night, open house and Back to school night.  This donation can also be used as a fundraiser for the school activities and as incentives for student achievement."
12ff46f3798207915923dbecebe26527,Mr.,MI,2016-11-20 12:10:33,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need books to inspire them and a comfortable space to stay focused and learn to love to read.,2,1,"Flexible Reading SpacesOur students come from a variety of socioeconomic and rural/urban backgrounds. We are in the U.P. so we are often ignored by the state of Michigan. We are the only middle school in our town, for about 25 miles. Some students take the bus in from over an hour away because of this. We also have students who live in town who walk to school.\r\n\r\nOur students have the motivation to become highly successful in academia. However, our students reading comprehension is below the national average. I want to change that. Coming into this year, from Chicago, I did not know what to expect. The students are mature and respectful, and behave beyond expectations - but their academics need some improvement. \r\n\r\nEvery week, as per our curriculum, students have an opportunity to do nothing but sit and read - we call this Reading Zone. However, students often cannot locate a text they desire to read. I gave the students a reading interest inventory to see what they enjoy and target their learning styles. This project is a result of that research.Our project is intended to get students reading in a comfortable space that is conducive to each individuals success. Through research, we have learned that flexible spaces and comfortable spaces in addition to personalizing instruction (getting kids to read at or above their level - typically in small groups) has lead to great strides in the development of student's reading skills. I have done this project twice in the past, and in the first year we had the highest growth of reading in my entire district - over 130% growth in reading for literature, informational text, and vocabulary. I hope to continue this success with a project at our new school. I asked all of my students to do research on books they would enjoy to read and this list is a result of that research. We hope to fund this project in time for the new year so that we may be able to create some excellent projects and work together to make the world a better place in 2017. Thanks for your support!"
e2de36ede46ba19fff589cec2267b9be,Mrs.,CA,2017-02-02 13:58:28,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need these items to use during Universal Access time While I am working with one group, the other three group will work on these different activities. It is important to use more hands-on material.",8,0,"Universal \r\nAccess for All ReadersThis year, the theme for my class is \""Superheroes\"". On all four walls, you will see awesome superheroes paper, bulletin boards, incentive charts, and many other things. My students are superheroes. They have the determination to learn. They are very attentive. They are very entertaining. My superheroes are so excited about second grade. They are determined to be the best. \r\n\r\nOur schools slogan is, \""Wayside Warriors are Superheroes\"". These kids are a breath of fresh air.  Their super strength lies in their ability to absorb knowledge. They are on excited about learning as much as possible. My school is designated a high poverty/low socioeconomic school. The majority of the students receive free/reduced meals. Inside of the classroom, I see kids with a zest to learn as much as possible. No, they don't wear capes. However, they are indeed superheroes.School-wide, we must all have Universal Access time. During U.A., the teacher provides each student with the support they need to understand and experience success with the core curriculum. My goal is the meet with each group or individual students in order to meet their reading needs. While the I am working with one group, the other students must work independently for 30 minutes. Sometimes they work in pairs or with their entire reading group. My job as a teacher is to scaffold the instruction so that all students have the tools they need to be able to access information and learn.\r\n                                                                                                                 The materials that I carefully chose, will increase brain power. Board games offer a variety of mind enriching opportunities. Students have better retention. By playing the educational board games, the students will be able to understand a new concept or skill.  Sometimes it is easy to just copy a worksheet and have the students to work on reading comprehension, word work, phonics, and/or spelling. However, I want my students to have materials that will aid in increasing their reading fluency. We need to get away from the convention instruction technique. The independent work must be at a level that the students can be successful with independently. In my cart, I chose materials that students can use to test their reading fluency. They can use the 1-Minute timer when practicing fluency. They are also able to work within their group, so I would like the board games for students to practice various reading strategies. Every item in the cart will be beneficial during U.A. time. The students will have the opportunity to practice concepts in a fun and meaningful way."
2ccbb0cfe6b4a6a2c1005b748e7c7d8d,Ms.,SC,2016-08-19 22:11:41,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need individualized seating options that promote their ability to focus, participate and engage.",0,1,"Unique Learners Don't Fit Into the Same DeskEach year I meet a new group of smiling faces eager to start their school year. This year on the first day of school, I met 58 unique individuals. They each come from various socioeconomic backgrounds, family environments, and past schooling experience. After a short first week with my new classes, I have uncovered wonderful insights about my scholars.\r\n     Their inner readers' are crying out to be noticed, appreciated, and nurtured. I have watched them devour my low budget library, listen patiently to my read alouds, and strain to meet my high expectations. They have all shown clear appreciation and excitement for their new reading and writing goals as \""upper elementary\"" students. This is their first year diving into lengthy novels and writing complete literature. Their brains are prepared and yearning to grow.My students are eager to listen and learn whether it's directly from my lessons or indulging in a great book. However, they struggle to remain focused. I was dumbfounded as to why they couldn't achieve this small task. Sit quietly, still, and keep your eyes on your teacher. Yet, as I reflected more on my concerns, I completely understand and empathize with my scholars. Although they are all on different learning levels, have different talents, and different learning styles, I expected them to all learn in the SAME seating expectations. It's not a fair expectation or request for my vast group of learners.\r\n    Students in my classroom have the right to be comfortable, safe, and focused at the seat of their choice. Medicine balls (Stay-N-Play Balance) and Wobble Chairs allow my students with high energy levels to bounce, wiggle, and shake their bodies without disturbing my other students. It helps keep their brains focused while keeping their energy occupied. Additionally, medicine balls promote core health and posture. They will be used to promote focus, participation in independent reading, and responsibility."
d982c4f15ae41e64fef5658fb61861ff,Mrs.,AR,2017-04-24 16:48:36,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,"My students need crayons, markers, construction paper and glue stick to make artistic connections to core content!",0,1,"Creative Connections in Kindergarten!My students are energetic, kind, loving, and brilliant  little people. I have taught Kindergarten for going on 38 years and they always keep me on my toes! When you walk into our room you are flooded with smiles, laughter and a lot of chatter...but I wouldn't have it any other way. These are the signs of a productive and happy learning environment. In our class we teach the main subject areas but I always try to infuse the arts where I can. The students learn best when they can interject creativity and fun into any core subject. I have found that this interdisciplinary approach works well for my students and they, in return, have a blast learning!! ...and after all, isn't that what teaching should be about?Each year I strive to help the students make creative connections to what they are learning in my classroom. Each month we center around a theme or two to channel our learning into familiar concepts, whether that be with butterflies, space or exploration. \r\n\r\nThese materials will help facilitate creative output and foster a deeper appreciation for learning. Towards the end of the year we will be working on the life cycle of plants. I would love for my students to create an illustration of each cycle so they can visualize what it looks like, and not just write about it. The students gain so much from drawing what they learn because it employs a sense of reflection. They take a greater ownership of their knowledge. \r\n\r\nThe oil pastels and tempera cakes will be used to make astronaut resists to pair with our theme of space! The construction paper and glue sticks will be used year round to better our fine motor skills! And what kindergarten room is complete without crayons and markers!? These too, will be used year round. Every time we start a new theme and pair a writing with an artwork, the materials will be in use. \r\n\r\nI hope you consider our classroom for your donation. The kids would be ecstatic over new art materials! Many of my students do not come with basic art supplies since I am not the 'art teacher' but my Kindergarten kiddos adore creating. Every time we create a painting or a collage, they relish in the process. Please help bring more art into our classroom!"
2a7072dcb0304959b891d10b128d19b8,Ms.,NV,2016-11-29 22:08:39,Grades PreK-2,Applied Learning,Other,My students need Hokki stools in our classroom to give them the opportunity to calm those wiggles. Being able to move while sitting down helps learners who normally have difficulty sitting still.,2,1,"Get the Wiggles Out!We are a Title I school where resources are scarce. My classroom has a very diverse group of learners. They crave the opportunity to take their learning to the next level. They love working in groups and sharing their ideas with each other.  These learners are smart, curious, and brave. The majority of my learners qualify for free and reduced price lunch, making reaching their goals more difficult with the limited resources available. These learners need to be inspired; creating the environment that allows them to succeed is my goal.\r\n\r\nSitting in a chair the majority of the day isn't an easy task, especially for my 19 learners. A typical day in our classroom consists of a lot of movement. My students are wiggly and crave the opportunity to take their learning to different areas of the classroom.We will be using the Hokki stools in our classroom in many different ways. The Hokki stools will give my learners the opportunity to calm those wiggles. Being able to move while sitting down helps learners who normally have difficulty sitting still. A Hokki stool is a convenient way for me to move about the classroom and conference with students and work with small groups. At this time I am asking for seven Hokki stools. Having only seven stools will give me the opportunity to teach sharing, waiting for their turn, and working together to problem solve how everyone can have a turn. Hokki Stools are light enough that you can easily move them around the classroom. These stools will give students the option to move while sitting.\r\n\r\nProviding my students with these stools will help my wiggly learners by giving them the opportunity to move while sitting.\r\nThese stools will also help when working in small groups. They are lightweight, so they will be used throughout the classroom."
9fd40b4e737c231703645cdb865781bb,Mrs.,NC,2017-03-26 16:56:16,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Applied Learning","Mathematics, Parent Involvement","My students need a variety of math manipulatives to reinforce and practice math concepts they have learned in class.  Dice, cards, puzzles and other games will make math fun!",3,1,"Math Made MobileIn my classroom, I employ many different methods of helping children learn based on their learning styles and research on best practices. I believe students learn best when academic areas are integrated in a hands-on, meaningful way!\r\n\r\nWe are a charter school with many diverse learners.  My students are active kids that require a variety of teaching methods to motivate them to learn at their full potential. They learn best when the activities presented are highly-engaging and allow them to work on meaningful tasks.The materials in this project will be made into kits that can be used at school and at home to build the connection between school and family!  Students will check out materials to use with their \""buddies\"" (an older student who comes weekly to work one on one) or peer partners at school or with family at home.\r\n\r\nAs students learn and review math concepts, they will choose an activity or game to take home so that they can practice skills with family members and friends in a hands-on, interactive way!   I love the idea of sending materials home that provide a meaningful way to review and reinforce necessary concepts!  Hands-on is always better for my students!  They learn so much faster that way!"
45a0d63fc47741d98d1927cfec80d60b,Ms.,TX,2017-01-10 21:26:41,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need more crayons for all of our artwork, jouranaling, and writing.",51,1,"P is for Pre-K and C is for Crayons!We have approximately 150 students in our pre-kindergarten program. They come from the highest population density and poorest area of our large, urban city. All are on the free lunch program and 90% are learning English as a second language. Ninety-five percent (95%) of the students have had no educational experience before coming to my program. Therefore, the year with me has to count for four years.\r\n\r\nThese students come to our classrooms with no real life experiences. Many have never been read to or experienced the joy of learning with hands-on educational toys nor even have held a pencil or crayon. Our students are significantly behind their non-disadvantaged peers. With your help, we can close that education gap.We are mid-way through the school year and we are in desperate need of fresh crayons. Our students use crayons all day, in the writing centers, for drawings and writing.  These small hands make great drawings.  Our students also must create all of their own illustrations because we do not use any handouts.\r\n     We do not have a classroom supply budget, so the only supplies we get are through DonorsChoose.org. With your help, our students can continue  to make wonderful original illustrations, make art projects and journal entries.  We are asking for one large box of jumbo crayons for each class.\r\n     \r\n"
96348f6a44f073a7da9e32fcd827f700,Mr.,VA,2016-12-04 15:39:50,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need a read-along listening center to enhance their reading abilities.,3,0,"Mr. Kilby's Read-Along Listening CenterIn my classroom, I start the day by greeting each and every student  as they enter the room. I want to encourage my students to explore and work together throughout the day. My goal is to create a classroom where learning is not only productive, but interesting and fun for my students.\r\n\r\n I teach at a Title 1 school.\r\n\r\nI teach a Kindergarten class of twenty-one students. Many live in poverty and English is not their first language. Many are having difficulties learning to read. I want to continue turning this classroom into a special learning environment so they can achieve higher reading goals. The excitement will encourage students to meet our high expectations.\r\nMy twenty-one students need a read-long listening center to enhance their concept of word and concept of text knowledge. The books will provide pictures and words as a voice reads allowing each of them to follow along. My ESL students will also benefit from hearing the English language spoken. The equipment and books will cause the students to use higher level thinking skills and have fun reading. \r\n\r\nThe listening center will allow students to become better readers and if they can read then they can do anything.\r\n\r\nThey will have the opportunity to hear words and sounds while using technology. This center will allow them to get in extra reading/listening time as their teacher works with other students."
5a8826ffbda5e40c9218da3c62cba1a8,Mrs.,TN,2016-04-27 23:24:49,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need everyday materials.,24,1,Everyday Learning ToolsHow does it feel when you run out of something that you use everyday?My classroom is filled with 20 energetic second graders who always enter the room smiling or laughing.  They surprise me everyday academically and as future citizens.  We are a Title 1 school in a rural community that serves around 1000 students in grade K-4.The materials requested in this project are items that we use daily.  They are items that seem to make the need to purchase again list throughout the entire school year.  Students will be able to complete work in all subjects by having enough materials to last the entire school year.  Chart paper will allow students to always have a reference to go back to when learning a new skill.  Pencils and dry erase markers will ensure that students can participate in all learning activities without having to share pencils or markers.  The highlighters will allow students to mark their passages to show their thinking while reading.  They will be able to highlight important information and key parts of words.  The colorful pens will encourage and allow students to be able to edit their writing in a fun way.  The glue sticks will allow students to complete word sorts in all subjects.  We will also be able to incorporate crafts into our writing.Donations to this project will ensure that each student always have the tools and materials they need to complete assignments.  All students will be able to participate 100% of the time.
362fec9cff0b0ac81166fb942fc22937,Mrs.,IL,2017-03-26 23:37:42,Grades PreK-2,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Environmental Science, Special Needs",My students need hands-on science kits for experiments and learning centers.,8,1,"Let's Explore Science!My students are K-2nd graders enrolled in a classroom for students with significant disabilities. They attend a neighborhood school in a major city in the midwest. The school is Title 1 eligible serving a 99% low income population.\r\n\r\nMy classroom serves students with Autism or Moderate Intellectual Disabilities.  My students love to learn using hands-on materials. They have challenges and needs beyond what the general education traditional classroom can offer. My students require extra visuals, manipulatives, and materials to access curriculum.My students learn through hands-on experiences and repeated exposures to concepts. We have recently implemented \""Science Experiment Fridays\"" which has been a big hit. Students will ask me all week what experiment we will be conducting on Friday. \r\n\r\nIn order for my students to engage appropriately and acquire science concepts, experiment procedures need to be highly visual, materials must be hands-on, and recording sheets should be simply organized and adapted. These science kits will allow me to develop an entire year of science curriculum that meets all of those requirements. Having age-appropriate centers and labs already prepped will allow me to simply adapt activities for my students' needs leaving more time for in-depth unit planning which connects concepts, subjects, and standards. These science kits will provide highly engaging access to general education concepts for my diverse learners."
148e8d2c994c54c8dfc31aa7cbf0ec3d,Mrs.,LA,2016-08-13 20:33:57,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Health & Life Science,My students need 30 fetal pigs and lab aprons for dissections.,0,1,"You Can't Teach Science, You Have To Do ScienceI came out of retirement to serve a group of amazing students. I teach at a low income charter school in New Orleans. My students face challenges daily, difficult ones that not even adults encounter. Most of them come to school without having eaten a decent meal, without knowing where they are going to sleep at night, and without the proper supplies they need. However, they never let those obstacles inhibit their learning.\r\nMy students love engaging, creative work. They are doers and thinkers, eager to learn anything I have to teach. They respect the classroom and their teacher. Most importantly, they respect the awesome privilege learning is.I often say that you can't teach science, you have to do science. The materials you are funding for this project will allow my students to \""do\"" science. The fetal pigs will be used for dissection, giving my students valuable laboratory experience. The aprons will allow them to complete dissections safely.\r\nStudents will have a chance to become more than students; they will become scientists. \r\nHaving the opportunity to complete hands-on experiments will enhance their learning and improve their classroom experiences. Your generous donations will help demonstrate to my students the value that all people see in science and learning."
62ca08bcd8d989e708ec2b4a6e5169b7,Mr.,NY,2016-08-04 19:29:22,Grades 9-12,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs","My students need a class set of Chromebooks to boost their literacy skills: reading digital texts, composing essays and online writing, listening to audiobooks, viewing videos, and creating interdisciplinary projects.",19,1,"Chromebooks to Boost Literacy Skills! (Part 1)I am determined to provide my amazing students with a high-quality, 21st century, college-prep education. I do not want the challenges of teaching in an urban public school in an under-resourced community to eclipse the many joys that occur when students are set up for success.\r\n\r\nMy school is located in the poorest Congressional district in the country, but that does not stop my students from coming to school with high hopes for their future.  After all, if Justice Sonia Sotomayor and Grandmaster Flash also came from this same neighborhood, what's stopping my students from dreaming big? Despite sometimes enormous obstacles at home and in their communities, my students are full of good will, and they are eager for culturally relevant instruction, texts that speak to their lived realities, and learning activities that kindle the sparks of intellectual rigor. And in order to achieve this, they need access to technology that facilitates meaningful and engaged learning.I am hoping to provide my students with a full class set of Chromebook laptops.  I have had this goal for several years.  In today's English classroom, robust literacy instruction depends on regular and reliable access to technology.  In my school, technology is in high demand but short supply.  To complicate matters, as in many high-poverty areas, most of my students do not have computers at home, making it all the more urgent that they have functioning technology at school with which they can enhance their literacy skills.  \r\n\r\nA class set of Chromebook laptops would ensure that all of my students have constant opportunities to read, write, listen, view, think--and create!  I envision these laptops being used every day.  My students could read articles, mentor texts, and primary sources related to the novel we're reading in class.  They could write individually in Google Classroom and blogs; they could write collaboratively on Google Docs.  Students with learning disabilities and those who are English Language Learners could use a wide range of software to support their comprehension and scaffold their writing.\r\n\r\nMoreover, a set of classroom Chromebooks would enable my students to execute long-term projects.  The final part of the year is dedicated to Exhibitions, which are interdisciplinary projects that culminate in a research paper, a creative component, and a public presentation.  Students could use these Chromebooks--even with the option of borrowing one to use at home--to create Prezi slideshows, podcasts, infographics, and multi-genre writing pieces.  Truly the possibilities are endless..."
41857cba0c588f66f1bcd6b239f51514,Mrs.,TX,2016-09-18 18:06:33,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need a variety of age and interest-appropriate read aloud books that appeal to their interest.,1,1,"Get Ready, Get Set, Lets ReadOur campus is a 21st century campus with literacy as the backbone to learning.   Our students come from all different backgrounds with many different types of experiences.  At our campus the students get to experience a reading ritual called Bison Book Time everyday for a 30 minute block.    Some of our students are accustom to having a daily reading time and some are not.   \r\n\r\nEvery student deserves a read-aloud block that is an enjoyable, pleasurable experience.   Our students enjoy books and we want to instill a love of reading in kindergarten.   \r\n\r\nOur campus is a literacy based campus with numerous exposures to literature. Research says that teachers should create a daily reading ritual.  We are blessed because at our campus we have just that.   Everyday our entire campus K-5th grade has Bison Book time which is a 30 minute block set aside just for reading which includes read-alouds, independent reading, and student sharing of literature. \r\n\r\nYour never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child,  By: Dr Seuss.\r\n\r\nOur kindergarten grade level consists of five teachers and we are seeking read-aloud books that appeal to children's interest, evoke humor, and stimulate critical thinking. One of the biggest teaching opportunities in kindergarten is read-alouds. Read alouds allow for making predictions, critical thinking, print knowledge, phonological awareness, alphabet knowledge, vocabulary and language, and comprehension skills in context.   \r\n\r\n"
f528109aa3c1d8152e888ec12c2ab3da,Mrs.,NC,2016-08-02 19:48:45,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Health & Life Science, Mathematics",My students need 75 science journals to record and reflect on experiments conducted in the classroom.,14,1,"The Making of a ScientistEveryday is a learning experience with my students.  They bring an incredible enthusiasm into the classroom.  My students have a wonderful energy level, which makes teaching all the more fun.\r\n\r\nMy students live in a very rural area. As their teacher, I want them to have rich experiences in the school setting.  Unfortunately, there are limited opportunities for them to participate in different learning environments.  Many of my students are the children of blue collar workers, who have lost jobs as a result of the poor economy within my state.\r\n\r\nI want my students to look forward to coming to school everyday.  I want my students to thrive and I need your help!Scientific writing is important for students who are considering careers in science.  These journals will allow students an opportunity to record and reflect on inquiry-based learning.\r\n\r\nThese journals will show the student's understanding of the concepts being taught.  It is a great tool to communicate their thoughts and to gather and record data.  This is also a great way to integrate math and writing in their science curriculum.\r\n\r\nThe most exciting part of this project is that the science journal will be unique to the student.  It will be a personal journal that will have their ideas and their hand-written notes.  It will have their illustrations and it will become a book that they can keep for years to come.  It will also be a great tool for parents to review their child's work during teacher-parent conferences."
b26d0c814ba6ae0d99d5ce674f2e9723,Ms.,TX,2017-03-28 19:10:07,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need new books that will interest them and get them excited about reading!,20,1,"Fear and Romance - Middle School Favorites for the LibraryThe library at our school is working hard to encourage our students to learn for the fun of it! Our recently redesigned campus is currently in its third year as a girls' school. One of our district initiatives is to focus on the Whole Child Approach.  We see our students as young women leaders and are working to ensure they maintain a positive attitude every day. \r\n\r\nAs our creed suggests, our girls are \""innovative and creative,\"" and we recognize the importance of being \""of strong mind, body, and spirit.\""  Every day, we are pushing our students to reach the next level in their learning journey, and we recognize the stress that can come with it. The goal of this project is to provide our students with creative outlets to relieve this stress, while still promoting active learning experiences.My students are highly interested in ghost stories, thrillers and romance novels. At the middle school level, students start the year looking for scary stories and end the year wanting a good love story. \r\n\r\nThe purpose of this project is to meet my students' reading list wishes while also encouraging them to read longer chapter books.\r\n\r\nThese titles provide a variety of both fear and love. As one student told me, \""I just love to read scary books before bed. I like being scared half to death before falling asleep.\"" The ghosts created by Mary Downing Hahn and thrilling mystery/adventures by April Henry are sure to supply that range of emotion!\r\n\r\nI've also had to create not one, but TWO book displays designated specifically for love stories. It's impossible to keep my shelves stocked! And when a book is good, the news spreads like wildfire. Before I know it, a popular book will have a mile-long waiting list and I will be taking full advantage of our inter-library loan system. Jenny Han's books are a hot ticket item in this library, and we desperately need our own copies as well as the books we don't have ready access to!\r\n\r\nThank you for supporting our campus!"
0888f2d86ac1774015c7d2ce1e919fb5,Mrs.,NH,2016-10-12 14:00:15,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science",My students need new ways of understanding the concepts of evolution.,2,0,"Help My Students Learn Evolution!!We are in the year 2016 and our students do not have adequate access to computers or technology. We have two computer labs and one Chromebook cart, for the whole school to use, but  they are always reserved. We have one library that can only let a class of twenty-three students use 5 computers at a time, which is not enough. As a science teacher, it is hard to help student prepare for college or a career if they do not have basic knowledge of gathering quality information..I am always looking for better ways to teach my students about evolution. I have a few assignments I have used in the past, but they are outdated and my students have had a hard time staying engaged. I have colleagues who have used this evolution game before and have said their students enjoyed it. My students will be able to create their own organism and play to see if their organism will survive! So cool!! \r\nWhen students have the opportunity to learn in a variety of different ways, they will find that they will stay engaged and learn more.  I love to see students have fun while learning and I would love to play this game with them!"
48e264f449a2462e7f2156e1764dd4d1,Mrs.,MA,2017-04-21 20:38:35,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need to have technology available to them so that all areas of the math curriculum can be made accessible.,1,1,"The Power of TechnologyMy 7th graders are curious, enthusiastic, and funny. They are scientists, writers, and poets and mathematicians, who fiercely want to succeed. Unfortunately, they also lack basic necessities to help them achieve at their highest level, which makes their accomplishments all the more impressive.\r\n\r\n\r\nMy goal is to try to close the gap in education caused by a lack of resources, so my students can realize their full potential. While I can generally procure simple items like binders, pencils, and paper for students, I cannot provide them with the digital resources they need to be competitive in the 21st century.\r\n\r\n\r\nYour donation will be generously received and used by the most deserving students I know. I am often told that my students are lucky to have me as a teacher, but I know I am even more lucky to have the privilege of knowing them. I would love to share that privilege with the donors that contribute to our project.\r\nSince I teach in a high poverty school district my students are not given same access to technology that other districts have.  Currently my students have to share approximately 3 carts of chrome books and two computer labs with a middle school population of 500 students, with eight periods a day and 5 subject areas, that limits that use that an individual teacher can use it for her classroom consistently\r\n\r\nWith the Power of Technology project, I hope to have my own classroom set of chrome books.   My students then will be able to have technology at their fingertips on a day to day basis.  They will be able to access the math textbook on line and I as a teacher will be able to use all of the capabilities offered from the textbooks website.  I will be able to assign classwork, and quick formative assessments using the chrome books.  The students will be able to learn at their own pace and differentiating will be that much easier. My students will be able to access the virtual tools so needed in math especially in the area of geometry."
cc7598936315fcecf440afe9129d2e3a,Ms.,TX,2016-05-18 11:48:25,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need collaborative tools to help us achieve our academic goals.  Chrome books will allow us to safely and efficiently interact with each other.,0,1,"Digital natives need digital tools!As a teacher in a high poverty school, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences. \r\n\r\nSchool is the place where my students must rely on access and availability of digital tools. Most of my students lack technology devices at home. \r\n\r\nIn fourth grade, our curriculum requires us to learn how to conduct basic research, but without the devices in our classroom, that is difficult to achieve.  My students are eager and able to learn whatever I put in front of them, we just need help assembling our resources.  \r\n\r\nCollaboration is the name of the game in fourth grade. Gone are the days when teachers stand at the front of the classroom and spout out objectives and content.  We work together as 21st Century learners!  But we lack the collaboration tools we need. As a Title I school with a nearly 100% low SES rate, my students learn and grow in a community characterized by many issues related to poverty, but we are not poor!  We are learning how to use whatever resources are available to read, research, and achieve.  Chromebooks will be used to conduct research safely, develop our aptitude in reading and math, as well as improve our digital literacy skills."
d87622bf229a2a3293e54db9b6ebf325,Ms.,NY,2016-12-29 19:39:15,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","ESL, Special Needs",My students need access to updated technology so they can practice reading!,1,1,"We Need Kindles So We Can Practice Reading!I teach at a Title I school in the Bronx. This year I will be teaching a second grade Integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) class, which means that my class will consist of general education students, special education students, and English language learners. I have 24 students; 10 of them are classified special education students and 12 are English language learners. My students' families work hard to provide for them, often working multiple jobs just to afford necessities. One hundred percent of the students at my school receive free breakfast and lunch. \r\nMy students often live in small apartments or in crowded homeless shelters where they don't have access to technology. \r\nI like to use technology to maintain the school-home connection, with websites like ClassDojo, and also sites students can use to practice reading like Raz Kids and Starfall. Many are not able to access these sites at home. Most don't even know how to turn on our outdated desktop computers in the classroom!We currently have 3 outdated desktop computers in our classroom that still run on Windows XP! We like to use reading websites, like Raz Kids, Starfall and News-O-Matic to practice our reading skills. It's difficult to make sure everyone gets a fair turn when there are 24 students sharing 3 computers. Most of them don't have access to technology at home either. \r\nThese new Kindle Fires will allow more students to have access to technology at the same time. Students will be able to read ebooks, as well as use other reading apps to practice reading on their own level. They can also use them for research for their writing, publishing their work, and learning how to use different types of  technology. It will encourage reluctant readers to practice reading more if they can have access to different kinds of books on technology."
78c7cc0f5e985751d258f1f522a13647,Mr.,IL,2016-06-01 16:08:15,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Music & The Arts","Environmental Science, Visual Arts",My students need a variety of ceramic glazes to make their ceramic projects come to life they will use the pots to grow plants from seed in to give as gifts.,56,0,"Glaze Is Not Just For DonutsMy school and students are awesome! Our school is performing at the highest performance rating available in our large urban district. \r\n \""We believe in the education of the whole child\"". We are a neighborhood school with a mostly Hispanic population. Our school also serves a population in which 90% of our students qualify for free and reduced lunch. My students are driven, energetic, well mannered, and have great humorous personalities. My students, parents, and school's administration value the creative and performing arts and strive to offer as many fine and performing arts classes as we can afford.One of the annual projects my students have come to love is making their own ceramic pots. They use these pots to grow a variety of herb plants from seed in and then give them to loved ones as gifts. This project and the resulting work is treasured by many. Unfortunately, funding levels have been cut so drastically for the upcomming year that I fear this project will no be allowed to happen without the generosity of others. \r\nHelp my students give things of beauty and grow smiles.  Students will create their own unique ceramic pieces and learn about the lifecycle of plants. Students will also learn that art can form connections between people. This project will be a true collaborative project combining Visual Art, Environmental Science, and Culinary arts."
4f96233a2f5a2878e3eb6b85b7a47733,Ms.,PA,2017-03-22 18:16:38,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need sensory processing equipment to help support their potential for learning.  My students will be able to use these sensory toys to help increase their learning and to provide for a more pleasurable atmosphere.,22,1,"Sensory Materials Wanted for LearningEvery day I wake up, go to school, and receive thirty of the most wonderful hugs I have ever known. All of my students come from lower-income families but come to school ready to learn, love, and share.\r\n\r\nMy students are eager learners, and they love school. They come from low socioeconomic backgrounds and usually don't have the school supplies that they need to be successful. We are located in a caring community that helps meet our students' basic needs. However, the small classroom, combined with the fact that our class sizes are very large, makes it hard to find room to work at our tables and stay organized. I am also the inclusion classroom and have many students who have autism.Students sometimes need a break for just a few minutes, to work with their hands and help them reorganize themselves, so they can return to their work.\r\n\r\nThese materials will serve a variety of purposes and meet the sensory needs of students on the Autism Spectrum as well as their peers in the general education setting.  These materials, Light box and play materials, sand, and Moon Sand, will provide sensory experiences for my students.\r\nSensory items can also be used in lessons to keep students engaged in their learning.  It has been proven that involving students in their learning through movement and Kinetic experiences: touch, seeing, and doing will help make them better learners."
ccb8e6832491efebcfae6f6174ae7cb7,Mrs.,VA,2017-03-01 11:16:17,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Music & The Arts","Literature & Writing, Visual Arts",My students need Lego Story Starters to use STEAM concepts to bring their language arts stories to life.,1,1,"Bridging STEAM and Language ArtsStudents in my program are identified as being gifted, as well as students who have shown potential in underrepresented populations. My students benefit from enrichment outside of the classroom, and many of my students do not have the opportunities for enrichment outside of school. \r\nMy students love being challenged through project-based learning and research projects. They especially love learning about technology and STEAM related concepts. My goal is to introduce concepts that will encourage students to stay curious about things that interest them, and to keep wondering about the world around them.  \r\nLego Story Starter kits will allow my students to use STEAM concepts to create stories and make them come to life. Creating stories with Lego Story Starter kits will use the concepts they learn in language arts and the STEAM concepts they learned in class while using Legos to create their story and bring it to life with stop motion animation. Students will also learn new animation ideas as they film their story. \r\nStudents love being able to use manipulatives to learn new theories and ideas. Using Lego Story Starters will bring manipulatives into the language arts arena. Students will get excited as they write their story, knowing that they'll be able to bring it to life and film it with the Lego Story Starters. Not only will they be able to learn new things in language arts, but they'll be using STEAM concepts to build and record their film with stop motion animation."
17cf82ab04c6251ca1969a56f6a4747a,Mrs.,IL,2016-12-30 14:45:54,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need 2 Osmos to help them out in the areas of Reading and Math.,7,1,"Technology?  Yes, please!This is my first year in this building in a district that I have been in for 11 years.  I am excited to learn more about the kids and families that call this school their home. The parents of these kiddos seem to work very hard for their families and of course, want nothing but the best for their children. The students in my class this year are curious, interested, and ready to learn as they start their first year in school, Kindergarten!My kiddos are learning the letters, the numbers, and so many other great things in the classroom.  I'd love to build on their knowledge by adding it into technology.  The children get to use tablets during learning groups during the day, and I would love for them to be able to manipulate pieces, whether it be letters, numbers, or shapes, and it transfer onto the tablet.  \r\n\r\nWith the Osmo and it's app, students will be able to manipulate actual letters in front of them to build words from lists that were created by me (the classroom teacher).  There is a special camera within the app and the tablet that will determine if the child did this correctly.  As the student succeeds, tasks will get more challenging to encourage higher thinking.\r\n\r\nAnother great thing about the Osmo, is the art component.  This subject gets missed and overlooked at times, so having that will be  beneficial also.  \r\n\r\nThanks for considering my project!"
9dc800b92d6c3d48ac4315a0d876f63a,Ms.,MO,2016-06-07 15:55:18,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need rich texts that reflect who they are, where they came from, and what they are capable of becoming. My students need texts that teach them about social justice and activism.",1,1,"Teaching Social Justice Through Read AloudsI'm surrounded daily by beautiful, creative, outgoing inner city children who have a passion and desire to learn and better themselves. The scholars we serve strive to be better than the world tells them that they can be and they do so through hands-on projects where they are able to guide their own learning and make growth in the way that best suits their needs and desires.  Our children live in the urban parts of the city and often don't have the same opportunities, access to materials, and ability to learn outside of their home or school as I was once used to, but none of those obstacles ever get in the way of our children trying to be the best they can be.  Our school is over 90% free and reduced and located in the heart of the city.My students come from many different backgrounds and cultures but yet many of them don't know the history about where their families came from or the roots of their being.  My students need to be given the tools and knowledge about how to be an activist within their communities and how to create a better world through their actions, words, and commitments to their school, family, community, and future.  Teaching social justice through a variety of rich texts with characters who look like our students will provide a meaningful connection for students as they find themselves relating to the characters in the books.  \r\n\r\n\""Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter,\"" -Martin Luther King Jr. Within our school community we want to give our students a voice and the knowledge that will ensure they are never silent about the things that matter in their lives and to always pursue justice, success, and the pursuit of their own happiness and education."
e3fcb8e448a544289ed45c262632b7c6,Ms.,CA,2016-08-02 01:54:59,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Nutrition Education,My students need a refrigerator to keep our healthy snacks fresh and cool.,12,1,"Keepin' it Cool With a Classroom FridgeMy kindergarten students are curious, fun-loving children who enjoy coming to school day after day. \r\nThey are an energetic bunch who are most engaged during hands-on learning and playing. Nothing makes me happier than seeing their faces light up in excitement. \r\nMy diverse, primarily low-income school is located in a tight-knit community in the heart of San Francisco. Many of my students' cousins, parents, and even grandparents have attended our school! The community bond shows through as students giggle and play together throughout the day.Every year, I teach my kindergarten students about the importance of health and nutrition. As we study each food group and learn how it helps our body, they get so excited to eat fruit, vegetables, proteins, and healthy carbohydrates and fats. They also learn the importance of staying away from too many sugary and processed foods. Sometimes during snack time, I hear students saying things like, \""Look! I brought an apple today so I could be healthy!\"" or \""I told my mom not to send chips today.\"" \r\nUnfortunately, some of my students do not have access to fresh produce and other healthy foods. Their parents may send them with something unhealthy, or perhaps no snack at all. My school is lucky enough to receive donations from a local food bank. Those donations often include fresh fruit, cheese, and yogurt. My students greatly benefit from this access to healthy foods at school. But we need help keeping them fresh! \r\nPlease help fund this refrigerator for my classroom. My students want to learn to make healthy choices, and do to so, they need to practice! They have learned that adding protein to a carbohydrate will help them focus longer, but they cannot do that when we only have fruit. This refrigerator will help us keep more snack options in the fridge, and it will keep our snacks fresh for a longer time so we never run out! \r\nWhen a child's basic needs are met, they are able to achieve our expectations above and beyond. Thank you for helping us keep a full refrigerator and full stomachs!"
99da9fb1c78fa669e7ae8174d72d6580,Mrs.,CA,2016-08-14 05:45:11,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need a strong foundational basis to further their educational success. The most expensive items are the guided readers library.,0,0,"Building Foundational Reading Skills One Book at a Time!!In need of reading and literacy supplies. Accelerated Reading books (Scholastic- 0.5-2.0) and a subscription to Scholastic News (this is great tool that engages students in taking a closer look into what they are reading). \r\nReading and writing paired together is an essential skill when learning how to read. The more practice each student gets through their own learning style, the better the chance of having information stored in their long term memory.Also, I would like to get a class set of  writing journals and Level 1 and 2 journals.  This is an essential tool for foundational skills needed at the 1st grade level. \r\nThese materials will give each student daily the opportunity to critically attain skills which are needed to build a strong stamina for reading.  Personally, I have seen this system in place throughout many schools in my district. \r\n\r\n Each student will be challenged through a guided reading system.  Students can master reading skills and move up levels of reading weekly. The guided reading system will give each student the opportunity to build their reading level. Then students will begin to have a confidence and a solid foundation to become a successful reader!\r\n\r\nFinally, the additional supplies in this project will add additionally scaffolding to support each student's learning environment."
974c4713d384dbfb4d699ccbe47de1ad,Ms.,FL,2017-03-20 10:38:59,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics",My students need 10 Chrome Books to increase understanding of learning.,0,1,"Girls Can Love Science, Math and Technology Too!My students consist of 23 amazing girls.  Each of the girls bring something special and unique to our classroom family.  It amazes me to see their strength, determination and perseverance each day.  Even though some face extreme difficulties at home, and outside of school, they still come into my classroom each day with a smile on their face ready to learn.  They all believe that education is their way to a better life and work hard to achieve that dream.  They remind each other each that although life can be hard they can achieve anything if they keep believing in themselves and never let anyone's words define who they are.\r\n\r\nMy students come from all different cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds, and remind me each other everyday that they have the ability to achieve anything with hard work and dedication.  While some face more challenges than others, they support each other through every difficulty and challenge both in and out of school.  I am so proud to be their teacher this year.I teach 23 wonderful girls and want to give them the opportunity  to learn that math, science, and technology is not something to be afraid of.  Despite new initiates to expose girls to math and science they still feel like it is an impossible field for a woman or too difficult for them.  I want my girls to understand that STEM can be the vessel that leads them beyond their wildest dreams.  \r\n\r\nWe will be using the chrome books in the classroom to explore math and science through technology.  We will research the achievements of women in the field of STEM and the girls will be learning how technology can be used in all aspects of science and math.  The girls will learn how to take math and scientific data and analyze it.  They will then report their findings through technology.  They will create charts, graphs, and create computer models based on their research.  This advanced approach will spark an interest in some of the girls and help them understand that math, science, and technology is in the reach of all of them."
4dbf10c477b0b125f0de9068cdf91b83,Ms.,MD,2016-12-08 14:20:48,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need books in order to learn to foster the love of reading!!!!,0,1,"Reading is an Adventure!!!My students are bright and craving to learn!  We are in an area that is a low income area and we are a Title 1 school.  My students face many challenges in and out of school.  Some of the students find this to be their \""happy\"" place.  Many of my students are below grade level in reading.  We are in desperate need of books for the classroom of all instructional levels.  I want to be able to offer them the best educational experience that I can with a wide variety of books.  The books will allow me to give them the instruction they need on their reading level.My students are in need if books to learn to read and take adventures.  Many students do not have books at home and are low in reading.  I want to offer them every opportunity that I can!! I want to foster the love of reading and teach students to believe in all that they can do.  Many students lack confidence in reading and I would like books in my class to help them achieve all that they can.  My students need confidence in their abilities and themselves.  I want them to believe in themselves as I do.  Books are an adventure."
60229b23f03147edb07bff6c4e4e6713,Mrs.,FL,2017-01-04 18:15:49,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need different adaptations of the great detective; Sherlock Holmes.,3,1,"Solving a Mystery is a Great Way to Engage StudentsI love teaching at my school of second chances. See, when the kids come to my school they arrive with labels such as \""trouble makers\"", \""behavioral issues\"", and \""slackers\"". Unfortunately, they've been thrown away, but I see their potential and I have an opportunity to finally show them that someone is on their side. I don't look at where they've been; I only see where they're going! With our smaller class sizes I'm able to work and help all my kids succeed.My students struggle to read and I try to do all that I can to engage them and I know having these novels and movies will appeal to my students and they will activity participate in the unit. Sherlock Holmes is probably one of the most recognizable literary figure in the world. I want to introduce my students to the mystery genre, and the \""who done it\"" classic mystery. \r\n\r\nAs a class, students will read aloud \""The Hounds of Baskervilles\"" and \""The Speckled Band,\"" and learn about the mystery genre by studying the great detective, Sherlock Holmes. Then we will watch those particular tales on the BBC's version of \""Sherlock\"". We will then take a closer look at comparing literary adaptations by having students watch Guy Ritchie's version of \""Sherlock Holmes\"" while they keep a \""detective log\"" comparing and contrasting the similarities and differences in the adaptations. The unit will end with students writing their own Sherlock Holmes mystery."
c29e27d09183c90b88c4c2a762d0c26e,Ms.,MA,2016-09-28 20:38:20,Grades 9-12,Health & Sports,Nutrition Education,"My students need cooking utensils, equipment, and supplies to help them learn to cook for themselves!",0,0,"Cooking Supplies for Urban Students!Our school is a large, urban exam school. The students in my club are a mix of 7th through 12th grade and they come from many different backgrounds. They travel from all over the city to attend our school, and they are involved in many different sports and activities. The diversity and vibrance of our student community is one of our greatest strengths. \r\nOur students are hard-working, friendly, collaborative, and all-around wonderful! They make up our school a great place to work!\r\nThe goal of our Cooking Club is to give students the skills, knowledge, and confidence to prepare healthy and delicious meals for themselves, families, and friends! We try a variety of recipes, styles, and ingredients. This equipment and these supplies will allow our Cooking Club to store, prepare, and cook food at school, so all students are join in the fun.\r\nWith these supplies, our club with almost have a kitchen at their fingertips! Students will use the equipment and supplies at our weekly meetings, allowing us to try a variety of techniques, and for many students to be involved at the same time."
0207b16aca5e478ecb19fb25cb5c2395,Mrs.,TX,2016-08-10 21:36:29,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need wobble chairs and stability balls to help release stored energy and take their learning to amazing places!,0,1,"Wobble With {A Book}, Bounce with it Too!Second grade is a year of great growth both physically and intellectually. The students grow 4 reading levels from reading only picture books to reading full chapter books in only 9 months. My students go from small first graders to deep thinking, mature second graders!\r\n\r\nThe level of intellectual commitment required to make these huge intellectual growths can create restlessness, and the students need to be able to move about and release energy in constructive ways. Please help add active seating options to our classroom. Investing in our students creates a productive, enlightened future!\r\n\r\n \""Sitting still is overrated. It makes sense for the opera but in most classrooms and child care centers, it's given far more honor than it deserves. Children need to move.\"" --Tom Hunter\r\nMy students had the privilege of seeing an active classroom in progress, and jumped at the opportunity to learn in new ways! While I bought a few active seating options for my students, they yearn for more! \r\n\r\n\""The stability ball helps me concentrate on reading and read for a really long time.\"" My students, and I, know that active seating makes a difference. As a class family, we are committed to enhancing our learning environment and improving personal educations in any way we can. Having stability balls, peanut chairs, and wobble chairs in our classroom will allow students to safely and constructively release natural kinetic energy and refocus on the learning process. \r\n\r\n\r\nPlease consider donating to help my students change the world!\r\n"
e04cbebc02c579d855efb18f05090fbc,Ms.,VA,2016-05-30 13:26:49,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need seating choices to enhance their learning,2,0,"Squirming And LearningMy students come from diverse cultural and economic backgrounds. Despite language barriers, or experience, they are always ready to learn and to broaden their skill set. We are a tiny school in an urban area, where it's often difficult to find funding for the things that will really take our students' learning to new heights. It's a community of parents that want their students to have more experiences than they did, and that they are able to provide. We are a community in which we want to see our students learn and grow, and to give them as many opportunities as possible to gain new experiences, to explore science and technology, and to truly develop 21st Century SkillsI have worked in the collaborative setting with exceptional education students for close to ten years.  During this time, I have witnessed, first hand, the struggles of students with diagnosed and undiagnosed ADD and ADHD.  Providing attentionally challenged students, or any child, with the tools that allow them to wiggle, squirm, and move as they work will help to increase their focus, improve their work habits, and further their learning.  \r\nEmpowering students to choose their work space provides them with the opportunity to find the learning space that works best for them.  I strive to encourage collaboration, communication, creativity, and critical thinking skills daily in my classroom, and flexible seating can help provide more opportunities for students to be thoroughly engaged in their learning and with each other."
4ee5200e89d9e2998ec8baad8a3c5968,Mrs.,CA,2016-08-14 20:03:06,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,"Health & Wellness, Nutrition Education","My students need soccer balls, bouncy balls, sensory ball set, hula hoops, store and roll trunks, all purpose cart, and welch fruit snacks and trail mix snacks to promote fun outdoor activities.",86,1,"Outdoor FunMy little learners are a very energetic group of students. These young scholars are discovering the world for the first time. Their curiosity and excitement is contagious and I love helping them learn. My students are eager to please and want lots of time to dance, explore, and play. They need to have fun kicking and bouncing a ball. Being healthy will keep kids learning and smiling!\r\nThese little talents need time to stay on target and be fit mentally and physically. I know that they will learn to make lifelong choices that will empower them to take care of themselves and be healthy.\r\nMy learners need supplies to get moving and stay active. Happy and healthy is the right combination.My young learners know that going outside can be fun, but only if there's enough supplies for everyone. As we explored ideas we came up with a simple solution. We brainstormed and made a list. First, there has to be many, many different types of colorful and bouncy balls. Their outside time will be enriched with sports balls, hula hoops, healthy snacks and a cart that can hold everything. \r\nThey will stay active and fit. My students really want to spend time outdoors engaged in much needed physical activity. Also, they want good snacks to restore, \""brain power.\"" My little athletes will have the equipment they need and a place to put everything away in our cart and rolling trunks. \r\nLet's keep them active! Your generousity would promote a healthy lifestyle!"
257c14bf698a5cb9de44fed3d6bc0188,Mrs.,WI,2016-12-13 13:27:34,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need nonfiction texts and activities to further their comprehension skills.,0,1,"Thirst For Knowledge!My students are in a low-income/high poverty school district, they are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. These challenges do not hold back their love for learning.\r\n\r\n\r\nMy students are creative and thirsty for new information.\r\nThey love to read and have found a new love for nonfiction texts. Many of them come from low-income homes and receive a free lunch based on their socioeconomic status. This at times prevents them from having the experiences as other students have both inside and outside of the classroom. My focus is to give them as much as I can in both knowledge and experiences for them to grow and learn. By creating a love for reading and learning through informational texts they can read about and experience things they may never have a chance to experience first hand. \r\nMy students will be using the books for research projects and reading for enjoyment to learn new things. They are very curious and reading nonfiction books is a fantastic way for them to learn about a wide variety topics. \r\n\r\nThey need the comprehension activities to help them learn to navigate through how to use and understand informational texts. These are a variety of activities that I can use with students in small group learning as well as independent practice for them to continue their learning in centers. \r\nThese books and activities will help them grow academically in an area they struggle in. Comprehension of informational texts is our greatest area of academic need and will help them to become more knowledgeable of new topics and stronger readers."
ff8a7d4de4c7268427547c6b0231cc0b,Mrs.,OH,2016-10-17 21:57:05,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need books, trays, foil, folders, medical masks, tweezers and gloves to perform reading surgery!",0,1,"Is There a Doctor In The House?I teach third grade at an inner city school. My school receives 100% free breakfast and lunch. My students are excited to come to school and learn every day. They thrive on the support and love they get at school and it really makes a difference in their lives.\r\nOur students come to school at least one year below grade level.\r\nWe have to work really hard to get them caught up. It really takes a village to raise a child.I am so excited for this project. I hope I can explain it well enough. It is harder and harder to catch student's attention and engage them. Doing \""surgery\"" should do it! Students will get gloves, face mask and a head lamp (made from sentence strips and foil) to set the mood and become doctors.\r\nThey will \""perform\"" reading surgery! Using books at their level (leveled and American symbols books requested), they will perform various surgeries for different content. I will print \""band aids\"" on labels so they can put the different text features together. They can use tweezers for every surgery performed. And of course they need file folders for each patient. I think these surgeries will grab their attention, help them remember the lesson and be fun!"
36ff3dcac3d34eac6872f01ca6554903,Mrs.,WV,2016-06-08 00:54:45,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need a table where we comfortably engage in guided reading and guided math lessons.,0,1,"New Table Needed!Our school is nestled on top of a mountain in a small rural town in West Virginia. My students are hard working and deserve a nice classroom environment. Our small school has a low socioeconomic status. Therefore, fundraising and funds in general are hard to come by. Despite many of our students living in hardship, we continue to achieve and we gave high expectations for our students. My students love small group time when we do guided math and guided reading.As a third grade teacher, I implement guided reading and guided math lessons in a small group. In my classroom, I am working with a small group at an old rectangular table. A kidney shaped table would allow me to work with my students more comfortably and effectively. Sitting at a rectangular table does not allow us to sit, as a group of 6 students and 1 teacher comfortably. Not to mention, the students that sit on the side of the table have a disadvantage of seeing what the teaching is doing and what other students are doing. Our school budget does not allow money for new furniture."
92521ccdb2ee75dfbca649f90313d997,Mrs.,WA,2016-09-09 15:56:43,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Applied Learning","Applied Sciences, College & Career Prep","My students need a Surface Pro 3, a keyboard, and a mouse to use current math and science technology and propel them further in their lives.",3,1,"Math, Science, and Computer Engineering TechnologyMy students come from many different backgrounds, speak multiple languages, and have many different needs in the classroom. They need a Surface Pro 3 and accessories to access reading, math, and science instruction at all the various levels of learning they have.\r\n\r\nMy students are extremely eager learners.\r\n\r\nThey want to explore the world. They thirst for knowledge beyond their textbooks and beyond their lives. Our school is extremely high poverty and our technology is lacking. My students need technology to give them access to the individual reading, math, science, and writing learning that will propel them into greater lives once they leave school.My students need a Surface Pro 3, keyboard, and mouse to be able to access the newest technology in engineering, math, and science. My students are almost all on free and reduced lunch (83%), and need exposure to fuel their passions. They want to learn more about science, building things, and exploring the universe but we lack new enough technology to let them get there.\r\n\r\nWith a Surface Pro 3 my students would have access to many online programs that allow them to write their own code, research science, and learn more advanced math than I have the ability to teach them.  This would allow them access to careers that can pull them out of the poverty most of them live in."
e54a37f3a8b6c2ce46f669d4d43722b8,Ms.,FL,2016-06-27 18:29:30,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need a podium and jumbo sticky pads to participate in group projects and build self esteem.,0,1,"Good DebatersMy students are comprised of gifted and honors students who excel and work hard despite the stigma of being born in another country. They work hard to make good grades and make their families proud. The majority of my students are former ESOL students who tested out a few years ago. Despite that English is not their primary language at home, they still perform at above average. My students will benefit from these necessary college skills of speaking in front of an audience and collaborating with peers.My students will be able to present their projects in a professional manner if given a podium to do so at. The podium sets the atmosphere of the lesson and creates a professional environment. Podiums are not something my school has in the classrooms and I feel my students will truly benefit from presenting projects with one in front of them. The jumbo pads foster collaborative group assignments where my students can express their creativity. They will also be able to build necessary collaborative skills as well as leadership skills. I will also use the podium to present lessons to my students and the jumbo pads to explain project requirements."
df6d4db32f2b8ace4dc51ada4326999f,Mrs.,WV,2017-01-24 08:33:34,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need an area that will maximize our space for creative learning.,1,1,"Small Space, Big Dreams\r\nThe Deskless ClassroomApproximately 60-70% of our school would qualify for free and reduced lunch. We have 41 third grade students in a small classroom. Many of our students come from low income backgrounds, have been diagnosed with ADD/ADHD, have qualified for special services within our school, perform below grade level, and struggle to stay on task. In June of 2016 our community faced devastating floods which destroyed thousands of homes and displaced students from their homes and school. Although these students face many challenges within the school walls as well as outside they are eager to learn. This year, we have been combined with a small local school and despite the odds, our school is flourishing in our tight spaces.On June 24, 2016 the sun came up and revealed our town was underwater.  Our quaint school, which was the heart of our community, was a total loss.   We are currently preparing to move our classrooms into 22' by 24' portables.  To provide students with a suitable space to move and collaborate we are looking for alternative seating solutions.  Students are more focused and attentive when participating in something they view as enjoyable. By getting rid of the desks we will be able to open the classroom to a more conducive environment for cooperative grouping. We will be able to have more fluid discussions with increased participation. Students will not have an obstructed view of the teacher or other students while in the floor working together on a project. We're confident that with an open floor concept we will be able to make our small space more accommodating. We will be able to keep students engaged and focused on the skills rather than fidgeting at their desks. We dream of an open, collaborative classroom that will foster meaningful learning experiences regardless of classroom size.  This will show our students that we take their needs seriously and will work to ensure that their unique needs are met. This new student centered environment will cater to their needs and will yield positive results. We are ready to embrace the changes taking place in our community and start getting back to what is important...our kids!"
e97b1d0a06fde67296758ae168f10475,Mrs.,TN,2016-09-01 08:44:03,Grades 3-5,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,My students need experience with printmaking! We need printing pads and brayers!,1,1,"The Art of PrintmakingPicasso once said \""Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. As an art teacher, I strive to get my students to not only love creating art, but to love and learn from the artists that have gone before us.\r\n\r\nEach week I see 600+ students from grades Pre-K up to 5th grade! The students here LOVE art, and I love teaching them art. It is amazing to see what they learn and create each week. It's the best job in the world!It's time to learn about printmaking, but we don't have the necessary supplies! Printmaking is a process of printing original designs with paint/ ink and paper. We need brayers in order to spread our ink and pads to create our designs on.\r\n\r\nAs a child in elementary school I can remember my very first printing project. Creating art is a memory that children carry with them for many years. I would hate for our students to miss out on such a great opportunity just because we do not have the proper supplies. Please help fund our pads and brayers so we can make memories and learn the art of printmaking!"
1a668b8cb7c1934c9b6d562b7e0b1367,Mr.,WA,2016-09-29 15:17:23,Grades 9-12,"Literacy & Language, Music & The Arts","Literature & Writing, Visual Arts","My students need more high-end cameras and microphones, as well as other materials, to do authentic film production work.",2,1,"Bringing Film Production Into FocusMy students are a true mix of the entirety of our school.  Some students are high-achieving learners, members of the International Baccalaureate program, who will continue for a second year of this class to gain I.B. credit.  Some students are young people that seriously want to pursue film as a profession in the future.  Some are students who just love movies.  Our school has a substantial number of students with special learning needs, students from multiple ethnic and cultural backgrounds, and students who live in poverty and homelessness, and all of this is reflected in my roster.Over the last two years, my Film Study class has become an established part of our school.  This year, the class was more popular than ever, and a second full section was added.  This means that we are in even more need of professional quality digital film production equipment.\r\n\r\nLearning about film should not just be 'fun'; it should contain real, working-world applicable skills and experience.  By adding to my small closet of film equipment, more students will be able to use cameras and sound equipment that are closer to industry-standard than their smart phones. This will give them knowledge about aspects of shooting such as aperture settings and focus that cannot be achieved on automatic equipment.  \r\n\r\nThis course also allows students to be creative in an educational environment that often overlooks the arts.  They will be able to tell their own stories using technology that fits into our current media world."
c8c9596b7ebbf48261dfc763a69e66bf,Mrs.,NY,2017-02-18 07:57:53,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science","My students need batteries to keep using our technology, such as student clickers, to enhance anonymous participation!",16,0,"We Need Batteries to Keep Going..and Going...and Going...If I could describe my classroom in five words, they would be: authentic, rigorous, supportive, engaging and community. Students in my class have ownership of their own learning and a lot of what goes on happens organically. Because of the passion I have for my subject area and my strong desire to share it with the kids, my class is definitely engaging. Hearing any student say, wow, class is over already? is the best compliment I could get, right next to, I wish I could stay in your class all day. Every student in my classroom has a unique voice and everyone in the room must respect it. Creating community is essential to taking risks and deeper learning. I care about kids and they know it. Taking the time to know my students well, not just as learners, but also as people, has helped to create a real sense of belonging in our shared space. No matter the obstacles they face outside the class, they strive to be the best they can be every single day.In a room surrounded by animals and plants, my students enter our jungle of a classroom engulfed by science. The classroom is designed for exploration through research and learning, via hands-on activities. By the end of the year, I want my students to be at the forefront of a STEM education.\r\n\r\nEach student is unique in his/her own way, which makes learning that much more special.\r\nMy students love learning about the ever-changing world of science, and are captured by the fact that every day brings new discoveries in science. The school is a welcoming environment, that encourages higher-level learning, while supporting the students at every step. The school houses over 719 middle school students, who come from different ethnic backgrounds. In order to strengthen their learning experience, I want my students to utilize all the possible resources I can provide for them."
0b03e26f36d6c0158361e939c3d7fe19,Ms.,OR,2016-05-10 23:47:55,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need new literacy games and books with audio CDs to keep engaged during our literacy block.,4,0,"Mission Possible: Engaging Kindergartners!My goal is to instill a love of learning in all of my students, regardless of their level when they come to me.  The key to doing this is to making learning feel fun, exciting, and providing variety.I teach 28 students in a full-day kindergarten program.  My students love school and are excited to peruse our classroom library, reading books, and learning to write their own books to fill our classroom author basket in the library.  They are voracious learners!\r\n\r\nMy school is in a middle to lower-middle class neighborhood with pockets of poverty.  The experiences of my students vary greatly and I am constantly trying to level the playing field by introducing all of my students to new authors, skills, and experiences.Our literacy hour is students' favorite hour of the day.  They love the structured format, with a daily schedule and 3 rotations within the hour.  They also love the different centers they visit throughout the week - small reading group with myself or my assistant, listening center, read to self, work on writing, word work, Leap Readers pens, and iPads.  Students are engaged in a variety of literacy activities at each of these centers - allowing me to focus on my small reading groups.  Students visit every center during the week, practicing the skills we learn in our whole group lessons.\r\n\r\nThe resources I am requesting include more literacy games for our word work center - Scrabble Junior, word building games, and word chunking games.  I have also requested several new books with audio CDs for our listening center.  Students love a new story each week.  When they finish listening to the story, they write about their favorite part of the story.Your donations will help me with my mission to keep all students loving learning.  Having variety in my literacy games allows students of all levels to use the skills they have learned to master new games and refine their skills to an even higher level.  Please help me keep my kindergartners engaged in their reading and writing practice!"
8a8e494697db56d4e3e23bf571b4334b,Ms.,FL,2017-01-15 18:55:42,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Parent Involvement, Special Needs",My students need Lego sets to work on following directions and cooperative play.,18,1,"Lego Club Needs Legos!My students attend a charter school that specializes in teaching children with autism. The school is also a Title I school. Being a charter school, we depend on private grants and donations to enhance the learning environment and provide learning experiences for the children. My students travel from numerous parts of our Florida county to attend this specialized school.\r\n\r\nOur school gives students as many hands-on activities as possible.  These activities include gardening, art class, games, music class, cooking, field trips, and science projects.  Our school also offers several after school activities such as bowling and Lego club.These Lego sets will serve several functions. Currently, our Lego club only has loose Legos and does not have any Lego sets.  We needs Lego sets to learn how to read the directions and put the individual Legos together into a Lego creation.  We will also use this to pair the students and work on a Lego creation together.  Most student's with autism have a difficult time socializing with each other.  \r\nBy using Lego club as a way to communicate and socialize, it will be fun and the kids will not realize that they are learning together.  \r\nParents will be invited 4 times a year to come and participate in Lego club.  This will allow students and parents to communicate and have fun in a structured setting."
78a943374fcce00520c82bdcffcc5031,Mrs.,FL,2016-12-08 10:51:51,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,"Health & Wellness, Team Sports",My students need exercise equipment for PE and recess. Please help us get the necessary equipment to play!,1,1,"Provide us with PLAY!!!!!I have an energetic bunch of students in my class. My students are 9 and 10 years old. They are a multicultural mix with different abilities. They are eager to learn and extremely hands-on to manipulate anything to enhance learning.  Many have AD/HD and other special needs.\r\nOur school is a digital school, which means they will all have access to a laptop provided by the school.  Because we are so structured with rigorous standards, it's important to provide time for physical activty and socialization. We are in desperate need of recess equipment.\r\n                With the proper recess equipment, I can teach my class how to play on a team and just learn how to PLAY!My students are very active and hard working. We are rigorous and focused on learning, but sometimes we need a break. We provide recess everyday so the kids can socialize and exercise. We need recess equipment to allow the kids to learn how to PLAY!\r\n\r\nBy using hula hoops, frisbees, kickballs and jump ropes, my students will be able to effectively get out their energy and learn how to play properly. Many students have never played kickball or hula hoops, and it's important to teach kids how to play, using rules and examples of good character and fair play to enhance socialization and burning energy."
b940962d90de8a64fd215efd7c7a4e75,Mrs.,NY,2016-08-16 16:24:30,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Health & Wellness",My students need under desk cycles and balance ball chairs to target their focus and fitness goals in class.  They also need pencil grips to learn how to hold pencils properly without straining their hand muscles.,1,1,"Pedaling to SuccessMy Kindergarten Inclusion Class is a place of challenge, discovery and growth filled with many different opportunities for learning.  For many of them it is their first encounter with school, and they are creating a foundation for their future learning and education.  My students face the challenges of living in a high poverty area, yet  they come to school eager to learn everyday.\r\n\r\nThe students are kindergarteners that grow and learn in different ways with different supports.  They bring to the class their wonderfully diverse backgrounds, and eagerness to learn English as many of them are ELL students.  All my Kindergarten students have unique needs, and talents that help them grow as lifelong learners.My students want to have under desk cycles and gaim ball chairs in their classroom.  They came in after seeing a story on the news about kids in first grade bicycling under their desks while they worked, and were so excited.  They wanted to know they were going to get them. Students were bicycling while doing their classwork, and the school said it helped students to focus.  My students came searched in class and came up with idea of having Stamina Cycles, and Gaim Stability Chairs in our classroom.  These would be really helpful for kindergarten students who need a lot of different opportunities for getting their wiggles out while they learn.  They can ride or bounce, and learn while reading independently, and doing small group work.  This will help them make sure they meet their fitness targets of at least 1 hour of exercise every school day.  They also need pencil grips to properly develop their hand muscles.\r\n\r\n Students can work out their bodies while they work out their minds.    Students will be engaged in active sitting, since it's not healthy for the body to be seated for long periods of time.  Students will have the choice of using ellipticals, cycles, or a stability ball to sit on while doing their seated work.  Now they don't have to focus on staying still they can move all they want, and just focus on their work.  These exercise will increase blood flow.  During active sitting, the heart pumps a bit faster and blood vessels in the legs and hips open up which increases blood flow. Better blood flow means more oxygen gets to the brain, and increased brain function, allowing for improved focus and better knowledge retention.   \r\n\r\nThank you for helping us meet our fitness and academic goals."
da51f6418e059394bf57c779a91bc987,Mr.,SD,2017-03-13 12:09:14,Grades 9-12,Health & Sports,Team Sports,My students need an AED (Automated External Defibrillator) for the road.,3,1,"AED on the Road to Survival! Take 2!Our Players need an additional AED (Automated External Defibrillator) for the road.\r\n\r\nAs a tenured staff member and science teacher I want my students to be safe at school and away. \r\nThis device could be used on the students, faculty/staff and parents if ever needed.\r\nA typical week in our school we have football, basketball, wrestling, soccer and cheer teams travel to many events. Along with these trips comes many bumps and bruises from these contact sports. We have an AED in the school near the gym but we have many events that travel at the same time there is a home event. \r\n\r\nI feel the our students are equally important therefore I would like to have an AED that travels and while the other stays at school for the home events.  \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nAn AED (Automated External Defibrillator) for our school could be used on students, faculty/staff and even a parent that came to visit their child at one of these events. An AED is a device that delivers an electric shock through the chest to the heart. The shock can stop an irregular rhythm and allow a normal rhythm to resume in a heart in sudden cardiac arrest. We have many students who have medical concerns and as a precautionary measure an AED would be a huge asset to our school.\r\n\r\nAn AED would give our students and any adults around a greater chance at life if they had an event that could be helped by an AED.\r\nI lost my brother 2 years ago due to a cardiac arrest. A matter of 5 minutes to his location from an AED would have made all the difference in the world. All of our staff has been trained we just need more equipment."
5e73baf1d3f8657debed154e29ac20b5,Ms.,CA,2016-09-21 18:01:44,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science","My students need succulents and the materials needed for growing succulents and creating succulent arrangements like sand, moss, terrariums, vases, charcoal, and soil.",11,1,"Help Us Sprout and Grow: Succulents and Urban FarmingStudents are natural born scientists! In my classroom, I teach students how to think and act like scientists when they examine, review, and evaluate knowledge and ideas through a process of scientific investigation and argumentation. When students walk into my classroom they want to do science.\r\n\r\nMy students are ethnically diverse with the predominance of Latino students who have all failed in traditional school settings.\r\nMany have experienced family trauma and/or the stresses of poverty. They are in great need for fun and hands-on resources; it's motivated students who have often been overlooked by traditional teaching methods. My school reaches out to these students with small class sizes, hands-on participatory learning, and flexibility in teaching.Living in California we face drought-like conditions. Succulents are the prefect plant because of their ease to grow and drought resistant properties. Students will have fun learning about plants and the environment with succulents. They will engage in hands-on learning and let their creative juices flow while they create unique and hardy arrangements for the school and their community. \r\n\r\nStudents will learn about properties and different types of soil and ways they can help alleviate drought-like conditions by planting the right type of plants.  They will investigate ways to help reduce the amount of water use by planting drought resistant varieties of succulents. \r\n\r\n"
211b540470358fb64976f1a6c868f2cb,Mrs.,FL,2017-01-31 14:42:00,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need new and comfortable headphones. Technology is used daily in our class, but the condition of their headphones limits their educational success.",3,1,"Listening is Half the Battle!My school is a Title I school where the majority of my students live in low-income housing and qualify for free and reduced-price lunch. Many come from homes where English is their second language and they do not have the resources at home to further their education. My students are very enthusiastic to learn, but at this time, our classroom and school has a very limited amount of technology and high interest instructional materials. That is where your help comes in.\r\n\r\nEach day during our small group reading and math center rotations, students work on a high interest computer program. Each student is on a different level or skill, so headphones must be worn in order for them to and others to focus and hear. The headphones they are currently using are not the best and often do not work. This limits their learning abilities. They are also extremely uncomfortable. At times, students get headaches and don't even want to wear them. This year students are required to take a 90 minute state assessment that is administered on the computer. It is very important that they get the most out of their daily computer lessons through comfort and sound as well as have these awesome headphones to wear in April while rocking their state assessment."
bbe8911e510409164dc0ffe8b6d7515e,Mrs.,PA,2016-10-27 08:13:04,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need the ability to move while being seated in the classroom. These wobble chairs would allow my learners to sit and move while learning throughout the school day.,0,1,"WOBBLE While You LearnI work at a school of about 650 learners in Hanover, Pennsylvania. Our school is a Title One school due to the fact that we have a large population of low income learners. \r\n\r\nMy learners all have special needs and need specially designed instruction in order to make meaningful progress. It is my hope that through this program, I will be able to provide my learners with more options for where to sit as they learn in the classroom. Many of my learners struggle with the ability to sit and focus throughout the school day due to the fact that they have disabilities such as Autism and ADHD.Learning in the school setting can be very difficult for those students who enjoy being active. There are many portions of the day where learners are required to sit and work with a group, read a book, or answer questions in the whole group. While it would be awesome for everyone to be able to walk around and move all day long, it is not possible.\r\n\r\nMy learners need the ability to move, while still being seated. The goal with this project, is that learners will have the opportunity to choose which seat will help them learn best. They can use these wobble chairs if they choose to help them get the wiggles out, while still working."
719edf2d446a7f0a1022c2109deb5009,Mrs.,MN,2016-07-25 19:09:03,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need to develop life and social skills to help them be successful in their mainstream classrooms and in life.,2,1,"Life and Social Skills for Students with AutismMy students come from diverse backgrounds and span 3 grade levels. One thing they all have in common is being on the Autism Spectrum. Even though they have this in common, the needs of each student are very different! \r\n\r\nMy students spend more than 60% of their day in a classroom with me and 2 educational assistants. It is our goal to prepare them for more time in the mainstream classroom. One of the ways we do that is with coaching them through social interactions to build their skills.As a newer Autism program in my school district, there are many things I would love for my classroom to have. One of those is a dramatic play area. All of my students struggle with how to pretend play, especially with other kids their age. Having a play kitchen in my classroom will allow them to explore and practice how to play in a safe and familiar environment, which then helps their life and social skills. With enough practice in a small group setting, my students will gain the confidence   needed to play with peers in their general education classrooms and out in their communities."
609e28d99b36d35679ae56268e4dddc3,Mr.,FL,2016-05-25 18:40:08,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need a chromebook, 6 Ozobot 2.0 Bit Robots, 6 Ozobot Washable Markers, 2 Ozobot Accessory Kits, and some Ozobot books to practice computer programming and coding.",42,1,"On Your Mark, Get Set, CODE!My students are elementary school students at a Title I School in Sunrise, Florida. Over 65% of the students at the school are students who receive free/reduced price lunch. Being a Title I school means that we sometimes don't receive enough funding to get the best resources. A third of my students fall in the lower percentile of our school and struggle with both reading and math. I also have some higher students who can benefit from enrichment. Lastly, I have some students who are on level who often require a little review. \r\n\r\nMy students are champions in the classroom, and they will go on to change the world around them. They are always eager to learn, and they work hard to grasp concepts.  In my class a champion is one who comes to school on time and works hard and gives their best effort each and every day. They are respectful and friendly and treat each other as family!This year, I will have a robotics group after school. These resources will allow me to help my students get started in the field of robotics and computer programming. Using the chrombeook and Ozobots, students will practice programming robots. It will be a lot of fun, and a way to challenge the students who participate in this club after school. Students will learn how to collaborate to solve real world problems. They will also practice using their critical thinking skills as they problem solve to make the robot's actions match their thinking.\r\n\r\nThis donation will allow my students to tap into their creative sides and begin programming robots.  They will also begin to learn how to code using the chromebooks. This donation will also allow my students to see that there are people out there who care about them and their education.  It will allow my students to learn to think critically and improve their robotic skills. It will prepare my students for careers in STEM and help them prepare for the future. Lastly, it will help my students gain life skills that will enable them to go on to be productive citizens of society."
be7779cbad61eb6ca0ad751a6cdefe62,Mr.,FL,2016-04-30 22:23:33,Grades 6-8,Music & The Arts,Music,"My students need general supplies to make our choir class even more fun next year. I put some cool percussion instruments, and a metronome in the cart.",1,0,"Rhythm SuppliesWe had a great first year in the Fort Clarke and Westwood combined choir with four fun performances!My students are very varied. One thing they all have in common is that they have a lot of energy and they love to express themselves in choir class. We use our voices, our instruments, and our creativity to express ourselves and work towards building friendships and putting on performances.These materials will make my class even more fun next year. I added a bunch of cool rhythm instruments to the cart that my students will use to develop their musical skills, have fun, and put on concerts. I know they will love them. Also the dedicated metronome will be significantly more convenient than the iPhone app I've been using to keep the class on beat this year.Donations to this project will make my class more fun, and will get the students more excited about their roles in our performances.\r\n\r\nSpecial thanks to Mikayla's mom Dawn Uman for the 200$ gift card that inspired me to create this shopping cart. Mikayla was a freaking rock star in my class all year, and I am going to miss her next year!"
3c6c6e989db85d0206c6582bc649f159,Mrs.,IL,2017-04-28 13:20:53,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Mathematics, Special Needs",My students need a class printer and ink to print specialized instruction.,8,1,"I Am Unique, Help Me Succeed!I teach at an amazing school where the majority of my inner city students are from low socioeconomic backgrounds. They are a mixture of Hispanic and African American students. They are also students who have special needs and further benefit from additional resources. The majority of my students need an individualized education to meet their everyday needs. Our goal is to create a classroom that will prepare our students by giving them individual attention with the right tools in order to be successful.Our classroom is in dire need of specialized instruction. Our students range from all different Mathematical abilities. We found that our class math book is either too difficult for 70% of my class- including students with special needs, and too easy for 10% of my gifted kids. Unfortunately, the school does not have funds to order different ability level Math books and we also no longer have access to printing or making copies. The printer and ink will allow me to print materials for students that need specialized instruction either in the classroom or at home. As a teacher, I believe each child is unique and deserves an equal education."
0b8e7826d062d1cb1d04862a91dcdb6e,Mrs.,NY,2017-03-28 15:32:02,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need a multi-functional easel and a storage unit for our big books.,18,1,"Multi-Functional Easel and Big Book Storage Needed!I am a first grade teacher of 28 wonderful and eager ESL students. Many of my students don't speak English. Many of them are new to our wonderful school and country! I teach at a Title I school in a high-poverty community, located in the Bronx, NY; where 100 percent of our students receive free breakfast and lunch. \r\n\r\nMy students walk into our classroom every day full of wonderment and excitement for what is in store for them that day. They are creative, clever, energetic, and curious. They love to participate in class. They are very proud of their work.Our classroom has a Smartboard that has taken over the blackboard. Even though technology is a greatly needed resource for teaching and learning, it doesn't always work. When this happens, I have to clip the entire chart paper pad onto a hanger and hang it from a bookshelf to teach a lesson. This gets very uncomfortable. The chart moves around or falls off the bookshelf ledge. If a mistake is made on the chart, it cannot be erased. This discourages the students from participating in the writing response and/or presentation part of the lesson.\r\nMy students would greatly benefit from having a Portable Dry Erase Display Easel, and Storage Unit for our Big Books.\r\nThey will be able to meet as a class, small group, or even with a partner when participating in a lesson and/or completing any given task in literacy, science, math, art, language arts, and social studies. They will be able to pick a big book, from a readily accessible storage unit, and place it onto the big book display part of the easel to read or be read to.\r\nThis particular easel and storage unit will help store and display our big books when reading, provide handwriting practice, and provide storage with easy access of our dry erase markers, erasers, and teacher read-aloud books. Thank you for your consideration in helping us solve our dilemma."
f0820c9b51f4fd9c24c927758d29edce,Mrs.,GA,2016-08-21 21:34:43,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need a Tecre Button Maker and Button supplies to increase active participation and learning in our Kindergarten classroom.,29,1,"Quill You Button Up For Success?My kindergarten students walk into our classroom every day full of energy, with a desire to learn, and excited for what is in store for them that day.  Each day my students are asked, \""Who is the best kindergarten class in the whole world?\"" and they reply, \""We are!\"" I believe in my students and I strive to show them that every day! \r\n\r\nI teach at a rural Title I school in Georgia where 100% of our students receive free breakfast and 85% receive free or reduced-price lunch. \r\n\r\nMany families in our district have difficulties making ends meet therefore my students have a lot of needs to make their year successful!  \r\n\r\nFor the first time in many of their lives, my students are expected to sit and complete written work, learn to read, and cooperate with others. \r\n\r\nOne of my most favorite things to do as a child was to design and make buttons at the mall.  It was so exciting to be able to pick out stickers, write my name, draw and decorate on paper circles and see it turned into a personalized work of art.  I would love to allow my students to have that same sense of satisfaction as a reward for all of their hard work!  Imagine being able to create button awards for special academic milestones such as: \""I can count to 100!\"" or \""I mastered the first 50 sight words!\"" etc... How exciting this that?\r\n\r\nMy Kindergarten students will be able to create personalized buttons as a reward for all of their academic achievements throughout the school year.  \r\n\r\n With each academic goal, a student will be given the opportunity to create a personalized button to mark their academic success.  I envision my students being able to make a button as a reward for their achievements just as I loved creating and wearing the buttons that I made as a child!  I truly believe this will encourage my students to work hard to meet grade level expectations and have fun doing it!"
96a6f5aa5e3df3ecaca4be10ecec7e60,Mrs.,NY,2016-08-30 00:07:02,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need a cozy place to read and learn.  Having a rug in the classroom will provide my students with a comfortable place to concentrate and collaborate.,4,1,"We Need A Magic Carpet Ride!As a Special Education teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face at home, I am looking to create a safe, nurturing and comforting environment in our classroom.  \r\n\r\nA learning environment that is calm, inviting, and safe is imperative to the educational growth of my students. \r\n\r\nMy classroom is comprised of students with a wide range disabilities, many of which result in high sensory needs.  Many of my students require sensory breaks in order to process information and learn through out the day. Simple things such as spacial barriers, textures, and colors help tremendously in calming students and making learning much more accessible.My project will help foster learning in the classroom by providing my students with a comfortable and cozy learning environment. \r\n\r\nWe spend a large majority of our day sitting on the floor. \r\nThis carpet would allow for my students to have plenty of space available to them during classroom discussions, small group work, collaborative partner work, read aloud, and whole class activities.  We are an ICT classroom, therefore we need to have two separate meeting areas for our students.  \r\n\r\nRight now my classroom is colorful and vibrant, but we are lacking the comfy learning spaces and organization my students need.  For many of my students, school is the safe, loving place they need to grow as learners. This project will allow my students a variety of options for seating while learning.\r\n\r\n\r\nThis project will help my students be comfortable and focused on learning. Sitting together in this space will encourage cooperative learning in a flexible way. Students can turn to each other to have discussions, or they can move around easily.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe students will be able to enjoy the daily activities and routines while simultaneously feeling free to wiggle and move as they please. Being able to wiggle and move as needed will decrease the need for individual movement breaks which not only draw attention to a student's differences, but also removes the student from valuable instructional time. By providing the students with the movement opportunities that they deserve, instructional time and engagement will be maximized. Thank you so much for helping fund our project!\r\n\r\n"
73ed084a4ac7dd67a482047b115ddaa5,Ms.,CA,2016-07-23 20:08:24,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need yoga balls, seat cushions and bean bags  to use instead of regular chairs, this will increase their engagement and motivation in class.",1,0,"Student-Centered Classroom Design: Flexible Seating For Motivation and Engagement IIEvery day I ask \""Class, class\"" and they respond \""si, si, si\"" And with that they are ready to learn, sing, and have fun every day.\r\nOur motto is \""Do everything with love\"" and follow the 7 Habits for Successful Kids. Our class is a Spanish Immersion Class. All my students are English speakers and they think that I only speak Spanish. \r\nIt is hilarious see them trying to teach me new words in English. Is their mission to teach me English. They love to learn something new every day.The Reggio Emilia educational philosophy sees children as  protagonists of their learning and the classroom environment as the \""third teacher\"" (Gandini, 1998, p.177)\r\nI want to create an inviting environment in which my students have the opportunity to choose and explore. I want to increase their engagement and motivation for learning by giving them the opportunity to decide where to sit and do their work. \r\nI want to create an classroom environment that promotes creativity, collaboration and critical thinking. \r\nAlso research says that physical activity and cognitive functions have a direct relationship (Hillman,2009). I want to create a dynamic environment that supports wellness for all my students.\r\n"
1484f5dd6d7e93d981831baa76e02af0,Mrs.,FL,2016-10-05 20:01:42,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Health & Wellness",My students need FitBit trackers and a Yoga DVD to get moving.,14,1,"Get Moving!My students LOVE to be creative. I try very hard to give them a wide variety of ways to learn. But let's face it, today's rigor in the classroom doesn't allow for a lot of creativity.\r\n\r\nWe have several classrooms that work with Autism, Various Learning Exceptionalities, and students with disabilities, as well as typical learners. It's what makes us amazing! In my class, beside my typical learners, 31% of my students are ELL, 6% of my students are ESE and students that are Autistic. 63% of my students qualify for free and reduced price lunch. I am a very lucky teacher to have a diverse group of studentsThis kid-inspired project is something my students are asking for. We have had a great start to the school year and are motivated to move more. We have been sharing Fit Bits among 20 students. Our principal has been reminding us how important it is to get our students moving for at least 30 minutes a day. \r\n\r\nWe need more Fit Bits! My students are asking for more Fit Bits. They helped create this project so they can get outside and add more than our 30 required minutes. They have had a great time using the ones that we already have, but it has been tough having them share. With this project, every student can have a Fit Bit to use each day. Our Walk-a-thon is coming up soon, and the Fit Bits are helping them keep track of how many laps they have walked. \r\n\r\nThe first yoga DVD we got this year, is a HUGE hit! But we we need another one. They asked me to add a new DVD to our project so that another 30 minutes (YES, that's 60 minutes) can be added to our day. We live in Florida, so it's hot and not always safe to play outside in the heat. \r\n\r\nThank you for helping us meet our goal. \r\n\r\n"
5b0dfaed014abe9e7be43332ccda1902,Ms.,NY,2017-03-28 06:56:20,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need highly engaging, hands on games and activities for math centers.",2,0,"Math Centers That Make Math FunMy second graders are in a Title I elementary school. They are a diverse group of students who share and work wonderfully together. They live and work in an urban environment. They are energetic and excited about learning. These students become engaged when they have academic choice and when learning is at its most fun. They are a spirited bunch who enjoy working cooperatively but also benefit by working individually. My class has a great love of math and are thrilled when presented with a new challenge or a new game to learn.My second grade students love math even though for some it is challenging. They become thrilled when they learn a new concept and can apply that concept during a concrete experience. The learning of new concepts is best achieved when students are highly engaged. \r\n\r\nMy students need hands-on, high-interest materials to use during our math block. They work in math groups and rotate into different math activities. This gives me the opportunity to work with small groups or even one on one. However, in order for small math groups to be successful the students need proper materials, activities, and games.\r\n\r\nThe hands on materials will give students to opportunity to practice mathematical concepts while having fun. They will be engaged in learning math and engaged with each other. These kinds of positive experience can help make these young children into life long learners.\r\n\r\n"
3064af1e8b3a0e4165769c2d73b8ee8f,Ms.,GA,2016-10-27 12:19:35,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literature & Writing, Special Needs",My students need a new Dell touch screen laptop computer for class use.,1,1,"Mobile TechnologyI am an Interrelated Special Education Teacher. I work in a school where our students come from a variety of different economic backgrounds. As an Interrelated Teacher, I have the privilege of working with students with all types of disabilities. This year I am working with a student that is visually impaired, and I am functioning on limited resources and equipment.\r\nI also serve 8 additional students.  They are also in Special Education. I move from room to room as I service my students to meet their needs. They look forward to working with me during small group sessions in order to have help to complete their assignments.I have a remarkable set of students that I work with everyday. They are smart,  bright and willing to learn. They just need a little help and that's where I come in. I am requesting a Dell Touch Screen Laptop computer. \r\nThe Dell Touch Screen Laptop would be used as a student assistant. I want my students to be able to hear correct literacy  using the lap as a listening center with all of my students. They will be able to follow along with the book. I also want to be able to use programs such as abc mouse, starfall and brain pop because they are interactive. \r\nA new laptop would be great."
de4a76605d441ef32d56562b5e5337ef,Ms.,NY,2016-10-16 15:54:20,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need ink, color card stock paper and laminating sheets to create color coordinated, differentiated and organized math centers to meet the needs of all my students.",1,1,"Mathematic Super StarsMy Name is Ms. Wamsley and I am a teacher in a k-8 school located in Washington Heights. My school has a very diverse population with students from all over the world. We have kids from Mexico, Dominican Republic, Russia, England, and many other places as well.  Our students are diverse learners who walk into the classroom and are eager to learn. \r\nMy job as a teacher is to inspire my students and help them be all that they can be. I want my students to love coming to my classroom and be motivated to learn. This is my 8th year of teaching and I LOVE everything about it. I went to school for childhood/special education and then completed my math degree. I am now certified to teach grades 1-12. I have been a math teacher for the past seven years. Every year I learn more and more and continue to grow as a professional. This year, my co-teacher and I are focusing on classroom environment! We are creating all kinds of hands on, organized, differentiated centers for our students. We are making learning fun and exciting.I am requesting supplies such as laminating sheets, page protectors, colored card stock paper and ink because I want to make my classroom fun, neat, and inviting to my students. We are creating colorful, color coordinated, organized, differentiated centers for our students. We are laminating all of the centers so they are kept clean and can be reused. I teach three math classes, two of which are ICT classes with twelve IEP students in each. I have two students who only speak Spanish and are trying to keep up with the math in my class. I requested a Spanish Go Math book so that I can help my students follow along with what we are doing in class. I differentiate everything I create for my students making learning easier for them.                                                    \r\nMy students are enthusiastic about learning and life and are eager to do their best. They inspire me to be the best teacher that I can be. I want my students to succeed. They are special, smart, talented and driven, children who deserve to have a school and classroom that they feel comfortable coming to each day. I teach my students that it is okay to make mistakes in math because that is how we learn. Funding this project for our classroom would mean the world to us and help us create the classroom I envisioned for my students. Thank you for taking the time to read this and for your consideration."
5431769e77707ab81ce9ca49dde19c86,Mrs.,TX,2016-09-28 16:23:46,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need 6 I-Pads to help them read and be more independent beyond my classroom.,0,1,"An Apple I-Pad A Day Helps In Every Way!A child who has dyslexia struggles with reading, writing and math. Not only are they effected at school but they face challenges at home and in public places. Dyslexia is a specific learning disability that in neurological in origin. \r\n\r\nMy students come into to my classroom and they are discouraged and have little self-esteem.  I want to change their perception of school and themselves. I also want them to learn to love reading! My goal is to have my students become more independent learners and become more confident.Having an I-Pad availble to my students will give them the opportuntiy to become more independant. They will be able to use different applications to help them read as well as write. One application is called Learning Ally. This program will allow my students to download current reading books at their level. Once the book is downloaded they will be able to read with it because is voice text. I will also be able to assess their learning by utilizing online acitivies like Kahoot. \r\n\r\nMy main goal is to help my student become less dependant on others and to gain self confidence. I believe that having access to an I-pad will help achieve this goal."
ad3572fb2f83d8503b1500dd83cae42f,Mrs.,CA,2016-09-21 20:08:19,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science",My students need owl pellets for every two students to dissect.,0,1,"Owl Pellet DissectionThe fourth and fifth grade science classroom is an inquiry based science class.  Students learn, discover, and make conclusions based on their own data and observations.  Students are very curious and excited to come to science class.  \r\n\r\nEven though we work hard we have fun doing science  and engineering.  The school is located in a rural part of central California with 25% of the student population is socio-economically disadvantaged.  Students live in the beautiful redwood forest and I would like to help them understand the environment they live in.   They are a great group of students!\r\nFourth and fifth grade students are very curious about their local environment.   I plan to focus the unit on the ecosystem of the school and area of where the students live-the redwood forest.  Matter and Energy in Organisms and Ecosystems is and important content area of science and the Next Generation Science Standards.  We will be learning about the food chain and food webs in the redwood forest and how our actions and others effect the food web.  During the unit I would like to have lab groups consisting of two students dissect an owl pellet to see first hand how energy is transferred from one organism to another.  \r\n\r\nGroups of two will be given one owl pellet to dissect together.  Lab groups will collaborate and use charts, diagrams, and research to help them identify, assemble, and glue the parts of the animal in the pellet together on a piece of paper. Through their exploration and with the help of some identification guides, students will discover and identify what type of animal their owl ate.  This important project would not be possible without your financial support.  I want to thank you in advance.\r\n\r\n"
7727f3add4743402f712b280743ea5d3,Ms.,FL,2017-04-05 12:58:26,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need 19 more exercise balls to complete our goal of 100% flexible class seating.  I already had a grant funded for 5 of these \""chairs\"" and I have seen so much improvement in the",5,1,"FLEXI SEATINGI have a lively group of 24 4th graders.  They love to work in groups and be out of their seats.  \r\n\r\nI want to give them the opportunity to be in a more flexible seating environment.   They have many pressures with state testing and should be as comfortable as possible in their learning environment.\r\n\r\nI have some students with ADHD and speech issues.  Having \""ball Seating\"" will help these particular student's be able to focus more on what they are doing because they are able to move  \r\nMy goal is to fill my classroom with exercise balls for my students to sit on while they are working.  I applied and was successful in my last donation of getting 5 of these flexible seating balls for my class.  \r\nI have noticed a vast improvement in my students in the areas of focus and quality of work.  My students who could not focus or sit still before have come around with this seating option and I can see a world of difference in their academic focus and performance. \r\nI am hoping to achieve 100% flexible seating on my classroom to improve student success.  \r\n"
a6b03437649d11e7c31b32717e052f2e,Ms.,FL,2017-04-06 20:57:16,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need materials such as books, games, magnetic letters to foster their love of reading.",0,0,"Little Library Needs Love!My students are kind and eager to learn. They look forward to our reading time each day. My boys love nonfiction. It can be hard to find nonfiction at a first or second grade level as many of my students are beginning readers. They enjoy sports, science, and animals, especially reptiles!My girls enjoy reading stories about adventurous girls, families, dancing and fashion.\r\n\r\n Providing them with books that interest them is paramount to heightening engagement. I want to ensure that they continue to develop their love of reading and become lifelong learners.Our classroom library is little and is in need of desperate help. My students love to read but are bored with their current selections. I want to help them continue to build on their love of reading by increasing the fiction and nonfiction selections in our library. As well as give them the opportunity to work with letters and word building in centers. . \r\n\r\nIncreasing our classroom library will offer my students the opportunity to expand their interests while also helping them build their fluency and vocabulary. \r\n\r\nMy students often request to borrow books from our classroom library to take home to read because they lack books at home. This project will renew their love by providing fresh literature to their expanding minds."
ffb1aea4603223984cbe1cec8c229325,Ms.,MN,2016-11-12 12:47:12,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need supplies that allow for flexible seating in the classroom, specifically during reading time. They also need books that will engage them in reading and help to improve their reading.",2,1,"A Reading Revolution!The more you learn, the more opportunities you can have.  Lailah Gifty Akita. I use this quote in my classroom to help my students see how important their education is to their life. I want to help give them more opportunities, because most of my students come from challenging life situations.\r\n\r\nMy students are caring and creative but behind academically. About 90% of the students in my classroom are learning English as their second language and come from low income homes. They often struggle with reading and having books that are of high interest would help create excitement around science and social studies. Most students have support from their parents, but because of the language barrier, they often don't know how to best help them at home. I work at a school that focuses on supporting the Latino community through education for their parents as while as for each student. It is a school that has a staff the works hard (as a community) to promote achievement for all students regardless of barriers.I am asking for flexible seating which will give students more ability to learn in a way that best fits with their learning needs and styles. It will allow them more seating options specifically during their independent reading time but for also for all the time that is spent learning in my classroom. I am also asking for engaging books that will \""hook\"" my students into reading. They often struggle with becoming engaged in reading and I hope with the supplies and books that I am asking for, it will help them to show even more gains in their reading."
2e65d9d22d4962bd1100983622d22b3c,Ms.,TX,2016-07-15 15:02:11,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need 5 tablets to expand there classroom learning which will also enable them to work independently on skills and become critical thinkers .,0,1,"Teaching Through Technology..Education of Today!!!Our school services students from grades K-5. Our students are engaged in rigorous content with exceptional teachers guiding their learning experience every day. Our goal is to prepare our students to become critical thinkers and to seek out furthering their education.   \r\n\r\nOur students come from a variety of different backgrounds with majority of students' families speaking a different language at home. At our school over 85% of students receiving free or reduced lunches and over  40% are receiving ESL instruction.Having the set of tablets will allow for different structures of learning in my classroom. Students need opportunities to practice and engage in learning through technology.  Nowadays technology is everywhere especially in the classrooms.  Having tablets will enable students to research information for projects, utilize websites to help strengthen their learning skills, and provides them with opportunities to keep track of their academic growth.  I could download apps for various reading comprehension practice for a language arts center, provide for more ELA grammar practice for my ESL students,  as well allow students to utilize tablets to complete district mandate reading programs such as Istation and Myon.  These tablets would allow me to have activities for both my highest performing and most struggling students so no student is left behind. \r\n\r\nStudents today are of the digital age, bringing technology into the classroom will open up ways that enable them to learn and practice new skills. \r\nStudents today are of the digital age, bringing technology into the classroom will open up ways that they are able to learn and practice new skills. \r\nDue to our districts budget our classrooms only have 2 desktop which  is not yet at the level to meet their needs as learners. This grant will help  to provide that extra opportunity for learning to more students who are growing up  in today's technological world."
ccfa3d09517ffa081df82c023a34ad06,Mr.,IA,2016-12-18 22:00:10,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need an Apple iPad and a stylus to allow interactive lessons in the math classroom.,3,1,"Mobile ProjectionsI have the opportunity to work everyday with groups of eager students wanting to learn about mathematics.  I have a wide range of students from accelerated 8th grade students coming to the high school to learn, to seniors in high school trying to find their passion area.  \r\n\r\nOur school is the only high school in our town, so that means the teachers get to see all walks of life everyday in our rooms.  Whether our students are struggling to make it to school, to those who drive themselves we meet and great everyone each day.  It is an honor to work with the students in our building!It is so hard as a math teacher to be mobile in the classroom and be near students, especially during presentations.  An Apple iPad will allow me to still write on the screen while moving throughout the classroom.  I can now interact with students in a much different capacity because my back will not constantly be towards them.\r\n\r\nHaving a mirroring device will also allow me to record my lessons for my students and upload them to the cloud where they can view lessons over and over again to help them with key concepts in the classroom.  Students will be able to watch lessons again and again for help in tough concepts and allow students to continue to learn if they or I am absent for the day."
4541fb9449ff2cd6b7a5e6abe7949a22,Mrs.,MI,2016-12-15 19:05:08,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need chrome books in order to acquire fundamental technology skills that will be required in their college and career.  Their current dependance on smart phones will not suffice.,12,1,"Future Doctors, Professors & Authors Need to Dump Cell PhonesWe have an incredibly diverse student body - the majority of our students are on free or reduced lunch, and approximately 50% are minority students.  \r\n\r\nA great number of our students hope to be first-generation college students and are committed to overcome the disadvantages they were born into.\r\n\r\nThese students have amazing potential, but are competing with students who have an abundance of resources.  Acquiring improved reading skills, habits, and endurance will allow my students to gain knowledge they cannot experience in their lives and compete on a level playing field.\r\nMy students frequently type their papers on smart phones because they lack regular access to computers.  As a result, they do not know how to create or share documents, create folders, send emails instead of texts, create and send email attachments, or perform work in Microsoft Office rather than a phone app.  They lack basic, fundamental computer skills because they make inadequate attempts to perform all technological functions on their phones.  We must have frequent access to computers in order to replace their inadequate smart phone skills with advanced technological skills.\r\n\r\nMy students have a dire need for computers so they can put aside their phones and learn to function in both college and career, and in the adult world."
64a8b3a5411bbdbfd68dcccce1bc5c93,Mrs.,CA,2016-06-03 22:27:27,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science","My students need plastic flower pots, plant and weather books on cd, portable cd players, and headphones.",88,1,"First Grade Scientist Read OnWe are a Title I inner city public school in California.\r\nMy class consists of Latino and Asian English language learners who hold a high potential for academic success. Each and very day is a great adventure with my students. They make no excuses to work hard and learn no matter how challenging things may be. \r\n\r\nMy first graders are highly encouraged to be respectful, responsible, and scholarly as they prepare to be college bound. Our school community values every student and we do our best to prepare them for their future. We want them to know that they are part of a great learning community that will encourage and support them to dream big!First graders are always fascinated with our plant and weather units but this year our books on CD were damaged and some of the books were too tattered to have the kids enjoy them. My little first graders love reading and listening to books on CD and that's why we are requesting portable CD's. Part of our daily ritual consist of independent work time where one of the options is to read independently or with a partner. My kiddos love our classroom library and enjoy using the only portable CD player we have but waiting for a turn in unbearable for them. This project request comes directly from my students. They've pleaded with our principal and our librarian to provide us with more books and CD players so they may enjoy listening to their stories. In addition, I am requesting additional headphones that offer better comfort and are better suited to help the kids prevent inner ear contact. I am also requesting plastic flower pots so they may plant their own seeds and watch their seeds go through the plant life cycle. \n\nJust like every seed needs water to grow, my students need quality supplies to help them blossom into little scientist. Learning about science should be all about hands on and gathering information from quality books. We THANK YOU for taking the time to read our project and possible donating to it."
f2851d5aef10ce479db66aa886c35e9a,Ms.,CA,2016-09-09 16:48:37,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics","My students need an iPad Air 2 Wi Fi, case, VGA video adapter, and wireless speakers.",5,0,"Driving Learning With a Technological EdgeThe students I am fortunate enough to serve are highly motivated, and very energetic learners.  They come mostly from backgrounds where English is their second language.  The learning challenges are often overcome by parental involvement and innovated ideas that drive the instructional program.  Our school is nestled in the city streets of Southern California where all facets of city life can be experienced.  School is the driving force that continues to elevate their lives in the most positive way for these students.We live in an age of technology and quick access to information. Students are alert and open to the advancement of technology in their daily lives, and the classroom must compete with the change...if students are to be attentive and actively involved.  Exposing students on a daily basis to innovative lessons...driven by technology will keep my class on the cutting edge of learning.  Technology in the hand of each child daily can provide the motivation and individualized instruction often not available because of limited resources in the classroom.  Adding another iPad to my class will increase the learning capacity of my students greatly.   My students struggle with listening and speaking.  Having an IPad for a listening center will help boost the capacity of students ability to maintain information practiced.  Listening to audio conversations will also help to increase speaking confidence."
08788081576050831b9c8b435382f88a,Ms.,WI,2016-08-28 00:46:12,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,"Health & Wellness, Nutrition Education","My students need an indoor garden to grow fresh herbs, fruits and vegetables, a watering can, a refrigerator to keep our bounty longer, and beautiful tableware to use when eating and drinking the foods they prepare.",8,1,"Targeting Indoor Gardening in the Montessori ClassroomMy multi-age Montessori classroom is in an urban, public school. This group of young scholars ages 3-6 have a strong desire to learn, to absorb information and to create. Dr. Montessori observed that this age group is full of naturally self-motivated and self-driven individuals who are drawn to \""practical life\"" experiences. Because of this, she developed what she called Practical Life Exercises which allows each child opportunities to do activities of daily life.\r\n\r\nThe environment must be rich in motives which lend interest to activity and invite the child to conduct his own experiences.\r\nDr. Maria Montessori\r\n\r\n\r\n  \r\n\r\nPractical Life is a crucial area of the Montessori curriculum. My 3-6 year old students love to prepare food, which is a real-life connection between school and home and is also crucial for planning and solving multiple-step processes.\r\nThe children easily spend well over 60 minutes a day practicing their food prep skills, and they continuously learn the importance of whole food eating through observation and conversation with the older students in our classroom.\r\nThis kid-inspired project is fantastic!\r\nDuring their third year in our classroom they use their perfected food prep skills to prepare actual meals on their own using only fresh fruits and vegetables, grains and dairy. The younger children assist.\r\nOur food prep area is growing, and the children have asked about growing their own herbs and vegetables. This inspired the children to suggest that we create an indoor garden that can be used during the winter. After some research, the children agreed upon an indoor garden kit with a light and watering can, a new refrigerator to store the food we grow, silverware sets for them to eat their incredible feasts, and pitchers for serving herb & fruit infused water.\r\nGrowing a garden, preparing and serving food, and sharing meals together are real world activities that teach the importance of Reading, Math, & Science! The process of researching whole food recipes with a friend reinforces cooperation skills, especially with projects like this that take more than 60-minutes to complete. We appreciate the opportunity that Target is giving to our students which will allow them to develop a deeper awareness of farm to table gardening, nutrient-dense whole foods, how things are made, and how to work with their friends."
cc0c74b79da3c83d29b31e833abdb5f0,Mrs.,CO,2016-05-26 20:09:06,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need interactive learning tools to enhance critical thinking skills and engagement,22,1,"BEE-BOTS NEEDED FOR CRITICAL THINKING SKILLS AND FUN LEARNING!My students are amazing. They are a diverse group of learners who speak several different languages. Many of them come from broken homes and are working hard to overcome many challenges. My students are kind,caring, learners who love life.\r\n\r\nOur school is a warm and welcome place for students. We represent over 30 different languages and provide a safe and loving environment for our students. Our school is a close community made up of awesome kids, loving staff, and amazing parents.Donations to this project will enhance student engagement within my classroom. Bee-Bots will provide students with hands on learning experiences that will increase their critical thinking skills. Students will strengthen their team work skills and communication skills. They will also learn about coding and computer skills. \r\n\r\nMy students will practice team work and thinking skills. This donation will increase academic levels of my students. Students will become excited about math and literacy by using these interactive learning tools. I will use these during station times to teach my students about technology and math. This donation will make such a big difference!"
fed97e69cc59c0dbec4f493ee650a6db,Mrs.,FL,2016-11-06 13:08:45,Grades 6-8,Applied Learning,Community Service,"My students need to help spread the  love  of teaching with  notes and  cards.  The Chromenotebook  would be beneficial to research information, poems  and ideas to reach the community.",0,0,"Spreading the Love One Card at a Time.....Caring , enthusiastic , trustworthy and helpful. These are my students in the FEA club.  They come with ideas and are  ready to go out into the community and spread the love of teaching through writing. \r\n\r\n\r\nMy students are future educators and the nurturers to  our future  leaders ........  \r\n\r\nOur students are in a  Title I  School. These 15 students are ready to share and provide  their own materials to be able to make an elderly person  smile, a child feel welcomed  and teachers feel appreciated. It is amazing to see these students give to the community  and sacrifice their own materials and earnings to make a person feel special .The materials needed to spread the love in our community  consist of  blank  cards that  the students can decorate,  write  poems, and  write  messages to the community. The chrome notebook  would be beneficial to research information and pictures to place on the cards. Stickers, markers, would be used to decorate the cards. \r\n\r\nLove notes is a fun and nurturing way to spread the love of teaching in the community. As a teacher , it is my responsibility to teach my students that all it takes  in this world is  a small gesture,   as simple as  writing a message to someone. \r\nWriting messages   to other children, teachers, or the elderly makes them feel appreciated, loved and worthy.  When my students research and write the cards  with messages, it  encourages a love for researching , writing and self expression."
bd24116ac6f0d457302d2a12dece0182,Mrs.,OK,2016-09-21 18:19:23,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need a classroom rug to gather on for whole group instruction.,2,1,The Gathering SpotI teach in a very small community. Our class consists of 24 eager Kindergarteners. They are excited to come to school each day and learn. The students love to come and meet with me during our whole group time in a designated spot. My students need a classroom rug that they can gather on to learn. My students need a comfortable place to independently read or gather as an entire class to work on skills that are new and previously taught.My students need a new classroom rug to gather on for whole group instruction. It is very important that our classroom be a comfortable place for my children to come to everyday. I want my students to be excited to come to school each and everyday and be comfortable in their learning environment. \r\n     My students need a place to sit while reading and working on work independently as well as learning in a whole group situation. My students are very eager to learn and by adding a new place to sit will increase their excitement for reading and math activities.
2b9a3fd1fa3efbf044bdf159091a1401,Mrs.,TX,2016-08-05 16:31:33,Grades 6-8,Applied Learning,College & Career Prep,"My students need tablets to do essential things in the AVID classroom such as college research, GPA tracking, and many more engaging strategies for the 21st century student.",1,0,"Technology is PowerFunds are tight, but the future is bright!  \r\n\r\nMy students applied and interviewed for a college-readiness elective called AVID.  Many of these special students will be the first generation in their families to graduate or even attend college. Many have English as a second language, economical disadvantages, and most have limited resources to pursue a college education. \r\nHaving said that, all of these students have proven to be  highly motivated to succeed, and all are dedicated to their own education. \r\nMy AVID students apply to be a part of this wonderful college readiness program. Many of them have never been and may never be introduced to the resources that are available online in regards to colleges, careers, financial aid, and anything regarding those things. Technology at our campus has been limited for a while now. I do not see an improvement happening soon. For these scholars  to be able to utilize the AVID program properly, they must have a consistent access to the resources provided online and the program's we can utilize through the Internet. Please help make this happen!!!"
c9e0481a89d28a394e7d7b6a501c502b,Mrs.,MN,2016-09-20 22:35:00,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need different flexible seating options in our personalized learning environment.,0,1,"Naslund/Tronsgard Personalized Learning Environment:Flexible Seating WishlistMrs. Naslund and Mrs. Tronsgard are transforming their  classrooms to create a student centered personalized learning environment and we need your help!  \r\n\r\nWe are looking to create different learning areas throughout our classroom and the money that is raised will go towards building a classroom that allows all students the opportunity to excel in our student centered environment. \r\n\r\nCurrently, Mrs. Naslund and Mrs. Tronsgard have purchased different seating options for students.  By donating to our classroom, our students will have more of a choice in where they can sit and how they can motivate their learning.Students will get the opportunity to choose their seating while motivating their learning in our fourth grade classroom. \r\n\r\nBy donating to our project, you will not only help to improve and increase student attention and focus, you will ultimately help to increase student academic achievement. \r\n\r\n The materials purchased will continue to support a growth mindset in our classroom.  As teachers, we will continue to monitor appropriate seating choices that support academic success. The seating will help students continue to focus and create a safe environment for all students. \r\n\r\nMany students prefer to work on stools, bean bags or different chairs to stimulate their learning.  When students are given a choice in their seating, research shows that their engagement in the classroom increases and students are excited to be a part of a student centered learning environment."
aa688e0e2297797d34d319411c303735,Mrs.,NC,2016-10-27 12:16:13,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,"My students need help communicating, whether it's producing the /r/ sound, socializing with peers, or beginning to communicate using a device.",1,1,"Autism and Speech ToolsI serve about 70 students who have mild to severe articulation and language disorders, stuttering and/or social communication disorders.  About 35 of those students spend most of their day in a separate setting due to Autism, Intellectual Disabilities, Visual Impairments, Anxiety and Sensory Processing needs.  \r\n\r\nWe have the motto Every Child, Every day at our schools! Our regular education students learn to be accepting of and welcoming to our students with special needs.  Helping our special needs students make gains in their ability to communicate allows them to spend more time with their typical peers.The students I serve are so diverse.  I have included a device to help my nonverbal students make choices and participate at school.  Also, there is a social skills program for those children who have a hard time making friends and understanding the thoughts and actions of others.  Finally, I have a tool to help students learn to produce the /r/ sound that can take so long to correct so they miss less class time going to speech.\r\n\r\nSome students need a device to speak for them; others just need a little help with socializing and making their speech sounds."
1434c330572a8a3c43f1af247a2b50f8,Ms.,OK,2016-06-16 10:28:18,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need different varieties of books on their levels.,2,1,"Reaching Reading Goals\r\nMy fourth graders are coming to me at all levels of reading. I want to make sure that they start the year off well with as many books possible on their level. My desire is that the books they pick up off my shelves this year would make them fall in love with reading even more.\r\n\r\nReading has always been a content area that is in the spotlight, and rightfully so.\r\nThis year, my school is focusing even more on this subject, targeting many students throughout the testing grades who are on our \""watch list\"" some of them being in my class. These students are those who received extra support and have been promoted to the fourth grade with the condition that they pass the reading test this year, otherwise, they will be retained. My students are a fun, energetic group of fourth graders. They come from many walks of life and all gather to learn at our Title I school, which mean many of our students have free or reduced lunch. Many are also involved in our backpack program that sends homeThis coming year, I will be teaching reading to two different fourth grade groups. Although I have plenty of books, the majority of them are for higher level readers. The kiddos that will be coming to me will be reading from a range of kindergarten/first grade reading level to a seventh grade reading level.\r\n\r\nThe materials that I am requesting will not only help my students become better readers, it will help give them confidence in themselves as readers. Not only will they will be able to read books that are on their reading level, but the materials will also give them additional auditory support that some of them desperately need. The book bins that I am requesting will help them to stay organized with their books, which is a big deal when kids are sharing their desks and space with fifty other students."
76079736724f90698cc520faee1f7732,Ms.,DE,2016-09-03 22:13:02,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need Hokki Stools to provide them a safe way to exert energy while learning in a sitting environment.,0,1,"Hokki Stools for Students with AutismWhen my students enter our classroom, many of them are entering the safest and most accepting place they will find themselves all day. They enter a place understanding of their abilities. They enter a place that seeks to help them learn despite whatever challenges they may have. Most importantly, they enter a place where their teacher and paraprofessionals are prepared to work their absolute hardest to meet their individual needs each and every day.\r\n\r\nI teach students with Autism in grades K-2 in a satellite program seeking to meet their social, emotional, and academic needs, while integrating into the general education setting when possible. We serve these students in a Title I school, where many students receive free lunch and breakfast each day, while also qualifying for the backpack program. In addition, the majority of the students in our satellite school come from Spanish-speaking families. The school we work through is a specialized school serving students with significant disabilities of varying types. \r\n\r\nEach day, it is my mission to teach my specialized population of students the necessary skills they need to be successful in their world, through traditional academics, functional academics, social skills, positive behavior supports, and community skills.These Hokki Stools will allow my students the opportunity to safely exert energy while still being engaged in a sitting environment. Many of my students have Autism and ADHD. They have difficulty regulating their energy, especially while learning. Frequently, my students sit at a table to participate in group work or work stations, or sit at desks to work independently. During these times, they may struggle to sit still which inhibits their ability to learn effectively.\r\n\r\nHokki Stools will allow my students the opportunity to safely exert energy while remaining seated. When struggling to sit still, my students may want to stand up, rock back and forth in their traditional seat, or tip their chair back. These are not safe manners in which to regulate energy while learning. These Hokki Stools will make a major difference in the lives of my students with Autism, by giving them the opportunity to move while learning. This will improve their school lives because their learning will increase when they are provided with a safe manner in which to move while remaining \""seated\""."
26730209ba164d3581dc7257ece69ccb,Ms.,CA,2016-07-25 02:27:16,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need K'nex, Qubits, and Brain Flakes for our STEM program.",58,1,"TK and STEM Go Hand-in-HandEvery year, I get a new group of 4 and 5 year olds who are eager to learn. I love teaching this age group because I know I can start their school career off in a positive way. \r\n\r\nIt is so important for students to love coming to school everyday. I lay the foundation for these students that every teacher after me, will add on to. I am so lucky to be able to have the honor of working with our youngest students.I love watching my student build and create. They build amazing bridges, towers, spaceships, rockets, cars, and anything else they can dream up. These K'nex, Qubits, and Brain Flakes will add to our building materials. \r\n\r\nStudents will be able to communicate and collaborate with each other as they complete a building challenge.  A challenge could be: Can you build a car with only these 35 pieces? They would work with a partner to complete their challenge. We would also use these supplies during our morning discovery time. This is a time when students can freely explore the different building materials. \r\n\r\nThank you for supporting our class, it really means a lot."
f51e0a47e20d5cca09faaf1595a4f560,Mrs.,FL,2017-02-24 13:11:52,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need this apple laptop to incorporate technology in the classroom.  It will be used to differentiate instruction and motivate them to learn mathematics.,12,1,"Math GeniusMy classes are made up of a combination of students which includes: students with English limitations, as well as students with learning disabilities which benefit from differentiated instruction. My school is in a suburban neighborhood. These students are not motivated to learn math and think they are just not good at it. \r\nI would like to motivate my students and make them be successful in math. These students can be motivated by the use of a laptop.  The use of computers can enhance their learning and motivation. Some of these students never get to use or play with a computer and being able to use it in the class will motivate them to learn.I have a combination of students which includes:  Students with English limitations, as well as, students with learning disabilities which can benefit from differentiated instruction.    My school is in a suburban neighborhood.  These students are not motivated to learn math.  These students can be motivated by the use of a laptop.  The laptop will enhance my students learning.  Some of these students never get to use or play with a computer and being able to use it in the class will motivate them to learn.  There are great resources available and interactive websites that can assist these students and motivate them as they learn mathematics.  They will work with resources that can only be done with the use of a laptop.  They will work at their own pace as needed to meet their needs."
85ade8e8084a40629da7f89179bced90,Mrs.,ID,2016-06-12 13:25:41,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need a new easel for our morning meeting and instruction at the rug.  The old metal one we are using is very wobbly and often falls over.,3,1,"Eas-els make Learning Eas-y!Our day begins with a meeting at the rug. At this meeting, students are often given the opportunity to discuss things that are going on in and outside of the classroom. This leads into our day and we follow a routine that students are familiar with. Students are given jobs to help out.\r\n\r\nThe students in my classroom come from diverse backgrounds.\r\nSome students are from a neighboring reservation. Some students are from other countries. Our school is a high poverty school where resources at home and school are limited. Although they have diverse backgrounds, they are very hard workers and accomplish great things each day.Having a new easel will make rug meetings easier because the old metal one we are using does not have a whiteboard or wheels to move it around.  I cannot move it with students at the rug because it is old and wobbly and has fallen over many times.  It will help our class with learning and will also be safer.  We do much of our learning at the rug in first grade and so it would definitely be used for many years to come.   Young students learn well when positioned close to the teacher.   This easel will be a great tool to bring them together on the rug."
5b7c78bb89841d37a7fa5a87c84224b5,Teacher,FL,2017-03-29 17:30:37,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Other, Special Needs",My students need tablets (with sturdy cases) that they can use throughout the day.,0,1,"Got Tablets?I am told by other teachers all the time about how sweet my students are and how mature they can be (for the most part).  With that in mind though, you should really understand why everyone is so impressed with my students and what they are working through.  I work at a Title I school with a student population that is 93% economically disadvantaged and a very large English Language Learner population.  On top of all that I teach ESE (students with intellectual disabilities) which just gives them one more huge hurdle to jump over.  \r\nI have the most amazing students in the school this year!  Often with all of these barriers to cross the students can become frustrated to the point that they start displaying behavior problems.  This year my class as a whole is kind, considerate, respectful, and hard-working!  They keep the atmosphere in my classroom light and playful with their senses of humor.  I could go on and on about each individual student and what I admire about them but I hope I've given you an idea of why I am the envy of every teacher at my school!Tablets have quickly become the most versatile classroom tool we can have.  My students are so sweet and hard-working but my voice can only teach them so much.  They need a way that they can get hands-on experience with a real world tool.  I have been thinking/planning for quite some time about all of the activities that we could be using these tablets for.  They can be used for multiple activities during our literary block (even independently).  I can start utilizing all those apps and websites that we are currently missing out on that improve engagement and even keep data on their progress.  \r\nOur hope is that these tablets will improve comprehension, involvement and keep them engaged for the best possible learning experience!  I can absolutely see us incorporating these during every subject of the day!"
6f61b24cfb58f2f4a40c166c2be71862,Mrs.,TX,2017-01-26 17:21:06,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need 1  Brainzy Math & Reading Program subscription. The program will serve up to 35 students. My students will get to interact with this program during their math and reading centers.,1,1,Brainzy About Math and ReadingI want to be a difference maker in my students life. I teach a kindergarten dual language class where we learn Spanish and English. Each student tries their best and are eager to learn. They are enthusiastic and loving. Every one of them have their own special story. They love technology and hands on things. They enjoy coming to school and learn. All of my students receive free or reduced lunch. They come to school ready to learn and grow.My students need digital games and activities that focus on reading and math. We will use the program during literacy stations and math stations.  My students will be exposed reading and math content through technology. We will use the program throughout the day and they will be part of our centers. Your generous donation to our project will improve our Bilingual Kindergarten classroom by building a stronger bilingual and bi literate reader and mathematician. You will be a difference maker in our students' lives. They will definitely enjoy school and be empowered at such an early age!\r\n\r\nThe donation of this project will help my students receive differentiated instruction through technology . \r\n\r\nMake this project an opportunity to help students receive differentiated instruction! Most of my students don't have access to online programs at school or at home. My students' will be able to access the program at home and parents will be able to track their child's progress. As their teacher I would like to provide my students and their families an opportunity to learn and achieve in every subject. This program promotes learning and it is designed for different kinds of learners. I truly believe that Brainzy Math and Reading Program will make a difference in my students educational journey.
39b22562dd7c4adefb3b8dbe7f2d20d1,Ms.,CA,2016-10-05 18:49:10,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need tablets to run reading and math programs to support and enrich the instruction in class.,4,1,"Tuned In To Tablets!My students are an enthusiastic group of learners who are thirsty for knowledge.  A large percentage of our students are learning English as their second language so they need great modeling of reading behaviors and expert reading strategies that will make them successful.  Our little school is located very close to the U.S.-Mexican border.  Over 80% of our population receives free or reduced lunch which places extra challenges that require additional support for them to succeed.  My students are little \""sponges\"" who soak up every experience that we can provide for them.Let's use students' fascination with technology to support and enrich their learning!  Most people think that schools are all equipped with the latest technology.  That is not always the case. \r\n\r\nMy students are hungry for technology! The tablets in this project will be used to run reading support programs that help young readers improve reading skills. Very beginning readers as well as advanced readers will benefit from engaging websites that scaffold reading by levels.  Struggling readers will receive audio support, while advanced readers will have challenging texts complete with comprehension questions.\r\n\r\nIn addition, these tablets will be used for students to build math computation and fluency.  There are a number of websites that have engaging math games for students to increase their mental math skills.  Children are naturally competitive and love playing games.  Learning becomes a game where everyone wins!"
b2858b88b00768098114316dd7fd6365,Ms.,MA,2017-03-14 18:19:27,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,"My students need the opportunity to read as many books as they can, so adding these titles to our classroom will have a great impact on my growing readers!",10,1,"Help My Growing Brain With Books!My students are growing as readers and they want the opportunity to read as many books as they can!\r\n\r\nOur classroom is full inclusion, and it includes 24 diverse learners. Nine of our students are on IEPs.  All of my students are from the inner city of Boston. When they come to school, they know that they are in a safe, fun and caring place. My first graders are such amazing little people. I've learned so much from them. My students may live in the inner city and come from low-income families, but I have never seen anyone walk into my school more eager to learn! \r\n\r\nThis year, I have watched my 1st graders turn their struggle of reading into a love of books. My school has many low-income families who don't have the resources that other families have to help their children at home. Our school strives to help all families and provide equal opportunities for them.I am building a guided reading library in our classroom to support my diverse group of readers. In first grade, students make tremendous growth in reading and need a large variety of books available to them. I will use the books as my instructional set to use with small groups for guided reading.  Students will be able to take the books home after we practice with them at school so they can continue practicing at home. Students will also be able to keep the books with them for a few days while we practice with a new book and then will trade them out as we continue to read new books.\r\nWith stronger reading skills, students will flourish in first grade.\r\nMy students have developed this great love for books, and I enjoy reading books with them. This project will allow me to teach more and help my students learn and grow more!\r\n"
d95d8aae8f11da782c8bcae2a79bc08d,Mrs.,MN,2016-09-01 13:12:38,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,"My students need a 2-in-1 tablet for real time, interactive data collection.",4,0,"Data on the GoWhen it is obvious the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps  Confucious\r\n\r\nThe students in my special education resource classroom do not always learn the same as traditional learners, this at times can be seen as a challenge for a teacher. When a student cannot learn the same as a traditional learner, we as the adults have to find strategies to teach the student in a way they best learn. Some of the best ways to discover how a child learns is through data.Data driven instruction is a critical part of teaching in today's schools. Educators face the challenge of providing appropriate and relevant teaching to their students and the one thing that can tell teachers what to teach is.... data! \r\n\r\nMy students will be able to input their data points and will be able to view graphics that illustrate their learning growth and change over time. As the teacher, I will also be able to use their data to plan and deliver the right lessons for where each student is at. \r\n\r\nBy integrating this data collection tool into our groups and lessons, students will have the opportunity to fully benefit from the instruction that was planned and delivered based on data points."
02e289ae6efd583d1230c3679e91f113,Mr.,FL,2017-03-28 14:41:16,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Environmental Science,My students need a variety of books to build on to and update our classroom library.,8,1,"Books Expand Our Minds!Our school is a Title I school that is in an at-risk and low-income neighborhood. My students come from diverse backgrounds; the majority are Hispanic or African American. A little less than half of my students are limited English proficient and exceptional education students. Many come from single parent households or families that are in transition. We work very hard to overcome all of these challenges. My students have the exact same eagerness to learn science as their peers in more affluent schools. Unfortunately, the school's resources and technology are very limited. \r\nMy classroom is a place where curiosity is cultivated and creativity is fostered. My students are inquisitive learners who love learning about our world. I strive to make all lessons interesting and engaging so students become more curious about the world and crave even more knowledge. The world's greatest inventions and advancements all started with curiosity!Have you ever heard of the movie rental kiosk called \""Redbox?\"" Our classroom has our own version called \""Readbox.\"" It is essentially a visually intriguing classroom library. Just like movies in the movie rental kiosk become old and outdated, so do books. \r\n\r\nThe same books have been in our classroom library for 3 years now and it is time for an update. Most students have read every single book our classroom library has to offer. It is time for something new. The books requested are all linked to the Earth/Space Science or STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) curriculum and are captivating with interesting topics, colorful pictures, and/or real world applications. These books will help students expand their minds with curiosity, keep them interested in scientific texts, and most importantly, encourage and foster a love of reading. \r\n\r\n"
ec68088d1ee6623a73495dc51565798c,Ms.,CA,2016-12-19 17:56:15,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need high interest book to pump up their spring reading!,11,1,"Comic Boost! Graphic Novels to Boost Reading!I teach 4th grade to an amazing group of low-income students in Northern California. Though almost 100% of the students at our school receive free or reduced-priced lunch, they are showing amazing growth and working very hard to learn each day. Three years ago, our school was honored to be named a California Distinguished School!  \r\n\r\nWe are committed to giving all students an equal opportunity to attend college and pursue their dreams. We pursue this goal by teaching students about college, holding high expectations for all students, developing strong community and family partnerships, and ensuring ongoing professional development and collaboration among staff.\r\nNew Year's resolutions are just around the corner!  With that in mind, kids need the most interesting books right at hand in order to boost their new years' reading levels!  \r\n\r\nWho says cartoons aren't educational? Graphic novels are an amazing way to get students pumped about reading and eating up books from the library shelves.   Graphic novels are undoubtedly the most popular form of books for struggling readers and my library is bare of them.  The kids who need high interest books the most are often left with the least selection.\r\n\r\nThese books will open the door to a world of reading and adventure.  The graphic novels will help show kids how fun reading can be and how accessible books are.  Please help fill our classroom library with the most interesting, modern, and high interest graphic novels out there on the market!"
cce6aca1b85d0070213c567aeab69c7e,Ms.,TX,2016-09-03 14:45:53,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literature & Writing",My students need electronic tablets to do all the things that will make them successful in this 21st century learning environment.,0,1,"Make my children learn with technology in the classroomMy little kiddos are growing and learning in a nurturing loving school in Galveston. They are dreamers, thinkers, talkers, and questioners, and learn with passion.  \r\n\r\nThey are mini inspirations to themselves and others around them, even if they don't know it yet. They are budding ambassadors, world travelers, scientists, entrepreneurs, teachers... \r\nEvery day they come to school with a smile in their faces, ready to learn. Every day when we have to go back home, I hear: Uhh! I guess the best teacher's moment ever. They want to stay with me!\r\n\r\nMe as a teacher, want to give them the possibility to be literate in technology, researching and working wit computers and be prepared for the 21 st century.\r\nI want all I can afford to give my children the best learning environment, to have fun, and love their time at school.I've been teaching in Galveston island for two years.\r\nI've come with nothing, and building my classroom has been a great effort.\r\n\r\nWe have four desktops, which do not work, and have no budget to repair them. I would like to have the possibility to have tablets or computers so that every two kids, can \""play\"" while learning and  use all the array of applications available for them to learn how to read and write accurately.\r\n We would like to have some tablets in the classroom so as my kiddos can work with interactive activities and have more fun while they learn.\r\n\r\nWould you help us? \r\n"
9afdd8aad475e73be98c05be9173a6a6,Mrs.,TX,2017-02-12 11:48:56,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need MORE TECHNOLOGY! I would love it, if every student had a device whenever needed.",2,1,"Technology Inspires Students!My students have a passion for learning and technology. My students are AH-MA-ZING! In order to differentiate like I want to, I need more devices in my room that can access school resources. Many tablets don't access the resources online that our school pays for. Some students bring devices but many don't have them. Thanks to school support and DONOR'S CHOOSE, i have 8 devices in my classroom. I would like my students to have more frequent access to devices for learning and creating. My students go to the computer lab once a week. I would like to make technology a more permanent option for learning in our room! My students are so inspiring and hungry for knowledge, I would really like to give them as much as possible to help fuel their minds. Thank you for your time.Allowing students to use devices engages them so much. The students can create Google projects, books, presentations, and so much more. Our school pays for so many learning websites. Students can access Istation, Reflex, Sumdog, Capstone, Mackin via, Pebble go, THINK THROUGH MATH, prodigy, and more. More and more classrooms are becoming Google classrooms, this not possible with a small amount of devices.  I would love to eventually have every student have a device available to them. They will be able to improve their writing skills, reading skills, math skills, and creativity. Students love technology and are more encouraged to learn when they have devices available to them."
6256f3cb5c44aa6ab76fbf3b0b37327d,Ms.,NY,2016-07-04 13:48:58,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need a hands on instrument to record  their responses.,11,0,"One Touch WritingAs a teacher in a low-income/high poverty school district, my students are faced with several challenges both in and out of the classroom. Despite the many challenges they face, I am looking to keep things simple and provide my students with creative and meaningful learning experiences.\r\n\r\nMy students are creative, clever and very spontaneous. They like to move, they love to read and love lots of positive attention. Many of them are being raised in single parent households and receive a free lunch based on their socioeconomic status. These things may prevent them from getting ahead early in life and may not provide them with the life experiences many of us see as \""typical\"". From the minute they walk in the door of my classroom I focus on their potential and growth while they are with me. I may not be able to control their home lives, however, I can certainly control their experience during the school day. By doing this in a creative and positive way, I am hopeful to inspire even our earliest learners to continue on a path of academic excellence.PROJECT\r\n\r\nThe use of whiteboards is almost a daily activity in my classroom, especially in math. Using the workshop model in math, students come to the rug with whiteboards for guided practice and to record modeled strategies. The whiteboards allow me to see exactly what they are doing, as well as provide an easy place for them to show and share their work. What becomes a problem is the fact that the markers never seem to last, erasers seem to disappear, and the whiteboards slowly become stained from frequent use. When something goes awry, students know that they must leave the rug quietly to get a new marker, new eraser, or the last choice, pencil and paper. Even though they are great about doing this, it is distracting for many of my students who have focusing issues and they miss important instruction form either myself or other students. By having LCD tablets, students will be able to avoid all of these problems and focus on increasing their learning!\r\n\r\nBy donating to our project, you will not only help to improve and increase student attention and focus, you will ultimately help to increase their academic achievement.\r\nStudents will be able to simply focus on the academic material at hand, and not whether their materials are going to work or not. Plus in this technology literate world, any interaction with updated technology will increase their literacy as well as their desire to learn and use the new technology!"
fe48007894f801a8899843adea2022df,Mrs.,OH,2017-01-24 14:44:23,Grades 9-12,Literacy & Language,ESL,"My students need markers, colored pencils, poster boards and sharpie to create a cultural unity quilt!",0,1,"Quilting Our Community: How Our Differences Unite Us!My students are unique because they represent the following countries. Syria, Nepal, Congo, Senegal, Mauritania, C'ote d'Ivoire, Ethiopia, Eritrea, Rwanda, Uganda, Puerto Rico, Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Haiti, Pakistan, Iraq and Bangladesh. They are all immigrants and refugees learning to work together. Our school is 100% free lunch and most children live within a 10 mile radius of the school. Our school houses many cultures, languages and religions. I work hard every day to make sure they are having meaningful experiences in their new school setting.My student's are currently working on answering an essential question regarding challenges encountered within a culture, specifically when new ideas and new members are introduced.\r\n\r\nBy creating their unique cultural quilt piece, students will showcase what they value about their culture, while unifying the classroom community.  They will use the sharpies, markers, colored pencils and tag board to create these displays showing pride in their culture. The mesh panel display will be used to showcase the unity quilts at our 42nd annual International Dinner. The chart tablets will be used for small group collaborative work. We are very excited about out International Dinner! These will be kept as a permanent display to highlight the diversity within our school community!"
242149434a1e910d7804b806692a24c2,Ms.,PA,2017-02-01 09:57:24,Grades 6-8,Music & The Arts,"Music, Performing Arts","My students need a set of concert toms to use in concert band, jazz band, and when we host county festivals.",3,1,"TOM! Join Our Percussion SectionMy students are kind, hard-working, and motivated every day.  They are in a rural district where the poverty rate is high. However, my students still give me their best every day, no matter what is going on outside of school. They are positive each and every day. \r\nThe music program helps the students explore their creative side. They are able to break free of the core subjects and be creative for a class period. They enjoy playing in concert band, jazz band, and singing in our school choruses.  \r\nMy students are helpful no matter what the task is. They look forward to helping in any way possible. They help the younger students with how to play their instruments in their spare time at the end of every day and they help me with keeping the classroom organized. They are seriously the best students that a teacher could ask for.We are slowly improving our concert and jazz band percussion equipment and the concert toms would make the section as a whole much better. Having a set of concert toms will be used by our percussion section and Jazz Band. They will also be used when we host county band festivals throughout the years to come. \r\nMy wish for my students is to have the best musical experience they can have and having percussion equipment is essential for that. My students make it work with what we currently have, but they deserve to play on good equipment for all the hard work they do in and out of class.  Having a set of concert toms will add more depth to our large percussion section and give more opportunities to play on a multitude of percussion instruments."
430aeca9d5d072612a43abf787600a12,Mr.,NC,2017-01-29 10:47:30,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Health & Life Science","My students need Texas Instruments TI- 84Plus Calculators to incorporate the \""A\"" in STEAM in their approach to math and science.",22,1,"Visual and Performing Art Students want to Engage in ScienceOur students are dynamic individuals who attend our school for either visual arts or performing arts. Their imaginations are second to none. \r\nOur students are quite unique, as they have to audition to attend our school of the arts.\r\nThey are creative and imaginative, and are from all walks of life and economic backgrounds. Using a hands-on approach and \""learning by doing,\"" our students are taught the arts by both full-time professional teachers certified in their arts disciplines and area, and national professionals who teach master classes throughout the academic year. \r\nOur school is located in the historic African American neighborhood of Washington Heights. Almost half our students are on free or reduced lunch.Our Visual and Performing Arts students want to have an after school program. They have recruited a math teacher and have found their first challenge, but need Texas Instruments TI- 84 calculators to get started.\r\n\r\nTHe project: Logistics Growth students will find a logistics growth model from a data set that represents the spread of a virus over time.    \r\nIn Vector, an outbreak of a virus prompts Charlie to study a complex epidemic graph representation or Susceptible-Infected-Removed (SIR) model to help trace the origin of\r\nthe virus. The three components of a SIR model are defined as:\r\nSusceptible  A susceptible person (someone who can become infected)\r\nInfected  An infected person (someone who is currently sick and can infect a susceptible person)\r\nRemoved  A person who can no longer infect someone or become infected, by developing immunity to the disease, physical separation from other people, or, in some cases, death. \r\nThere are several variables and complex parameters that affect the spread of a disease.\r\nThis activity will look at a much more simplistic version of a spreading virus. For\r\nexample, it will be assumed that contact between a susceptible person and an infected person will always result in the susceptible person becoming infected. This is typically not true in real life. \r\nIn Part I of this activity, students use Activity Center to conduct a simulation involving only susceptible and infected people. The data will be collected and subsequent analysis will reveal a logistics growth model. Students will model the data with a logistics equation using the regression capabilities of the TI-83/TI-84 Plus graphing calculator. Particular emphasis will be placed on studying the rate of change of the data over time, identifying\r\na logistics growth pattern from a graph, and using regression to analyze a logistics growth equation."
8455c611657561bcbfe56fb6101790b4,Mrs.,NC,2016-06-22 16:59:11,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Health & Life Science,My students need an incubation kit to experience the incubation period of baby chicks.,0,1,"Science: Chicken Life CycleI'm a second grade teacher. Currently we are on summer break and I'm in the process of thinking about opportunities for my students for the up coming year.\r\nThere isn't anything better than creating real world situations in the classroom to enhance the learner's experience. Second graders are enthusiastic about life and learning.  My students would greatly benefit from a life science lab and the hands on experience that this project would give.  Providing this opportunity for my class would be an exciting experience for me as a teacher as well.\r\nIn the spring, I hope to do a unit on the life cycle of chickens to include the incubation period of chick eggs in the classroom for the students to observe daily. I will set up a camera so that other classes will benefit from the experience.  The camera recording the event will help us not to miss anything if the chicks hatch outside of school hours.\r\nAllowing my students to see with their own eyes the incubation of chicks and witnessing the beginning of life for their little charges will be an amazing gift.\r\nI'm so excited to share this experience with my students."
e7fd26e81300bf910d1548a3ac6d0616,Mrs.,FL,2016-11-17 12:35:57,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Environmental Science","My students need science materials to study the solar system including a motorized model, star projector, Earth core model, telescope, globe, planet projector, batteries, and literature.",33,1,"Out of this World Science!I am currently an Intervention Teacher for a spectacular elementary school. I will be helping to start a STEM Science lab for our school. This Science lab will serve students in Kindergarten through fifth grade. They will have an opportunity to visit me in the lab for STEM lessons multiple times a month. \r\n\r\nI teach some amazing students. They are very sweet and have a strong desire to learn. I come from a low socio-economic school, where 88% are on free or reduced price lunch. It is very important for students to have hands-on materials to enrich their learning experience. Their attention spans are not meant to sit on a rug and listen to a lecture. The best way for students to learn is to have interaction with their subject and get involved. The children get so excited and are ready to learn when they have opportunities for hands-on activities.I am requesting new science materials to enhance the learning of the solar system for grades Kindergarten through 5th grade. These materials will help students grasp an important and difficult concept of how the universe works. \r\n\r\nWe will use the materials to study the planets that compose our solar system, with a big emphasis on our planet, Earth.  The students will be able to use the hanging model and tabletop model in various lessons. They will be able to visualize (on a smaller scale) the orbiting planets and the distance between planets. The projectors will allow the students to experience real pictures of planets and stars. It will also show the constellation patterns. The telescope will allow students to explore the day sky. We will read the non-fiction literature as a way to introduce and review concepts. The globe and 3-d model of the earth's core will allow us to dive deeper into the composition of our planet, Earth. \r\n\r\nThese resources will help bring the big concept of the solar system to life for my students. They will be used year after year. They would enhance the learning experience with hands-on materials and activites. I hope the materials will inspire future learning and exploration in Science."
4439d81a82f50f43c38c6b6088fb2d8d,Ms.,OK,2016-09-20 21:05:34,Grades 9-12,Music & The Arts,"Music, Performing Arts",My students need supplies to clean their instruments and drum pads to enable more efficient at-home practice.,2,1,"My Students Need to Clean Their Instruments!My students are the greatest, most deserving kids I have ever met. They are hard-working, dedicated, sweet, and love to play music. My school is in a low-income area, with nearly 100% of students being eligible for free school lunches. Our music program generally serves about 50% of the high school population. \r\nOur school is unique because of the music classes offered to our students. Two of our high school music classes are beginning music classes, for students who missed out on playing instruments at a younger age, but are interested and motivated to learn to play an instrument in high school. This is unique to any music program in the area, as every other program begins in 6th grade and continues.This project includes a program set of clarinet and saxophone swabs so that my students can learn to care for their instruments better. As our school is low-income, we provide everything from accessories to music to instruments for our students, and this asset for safe, healthy, clean, and responsible playing has been something we just can't afford to splurge on. Each student having access to these swabs will be a life-changer to their ability to care for their instruments and feel/act more responsible for them. It will allow them to actually feel proud and act as if their instrument is THEIRS, and not just some loaner. \r\nAdditionally, I am requesting a class set of drum pads for this project. As any other music teacher, I encourage- in fact require- at home practice for my students. It is very difficult to arrange before- or after-school rehearsals as most of my students are bus riders with no other form of transportation. Hauling drums home is near impossible, and my percussion students really need a way to take home and practice their drumming technique and music!"
af76ecf0d0013995fbd77c447e9053e7,Mrs.,MA,2016-09-11 14:52:32,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need these Kindle Fire tablets and cases to assist their in classroom experience in a small group setting.,2,1,"Reading at your finger tips!!I teach in a low income area where my children face many challenges in and out of the classroom. The general lack of educational resources at home makes it more important that they have the necessary tools at school to equip them with the skills necessary in this high tech world we live in. Access to technology at school is limited at best. We have broken and very outdated hardware which makes it difficult for the students to use in a way that is beneficial to them.\r\n\r\nAccess to technology will help my students receive a similar educational experience to their counterparts in more affluent communities.\r\nThis will assist them in gaining the skills that are needed to function and excel in today's society, and in turn, help to close the education gap between our inner city school and surrounding affluent communities.\r\n\r\nThese Kindle Fire tablets will assist my students in gaining the necessary technological education that they would otherwise not receive. We have very limited resources and as a school are unable to purchase these necessary items for classroom use. Many surrounding communities have these items available for student use and I want my students to have those same opportunities.\r\n\r\nMy students will use these items in small group settings and will gain unimaginable educational opportunities simply by having access to these tablets.\r\nThey will be able to use them individually and in small group settings. They will be used daily for reading and math centers and will also be used as a reward system."
16c02e7646dc05de355da79245ddb8a4,Mrs.,FL,2017-01-10 09:36:25,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need new lap tops to help them complete extra time before school on programs such as SuccessMaker and Xtramath.org.,6,1,"Making Gains With A Chromebook!My students come to school everyday excited to learn.  Despite coming from a high poverty area, these children continue to raise the bar year after year.  Most students have a lot to overcome every day to stay focused to learn.\r\n\r\nMy students thrive on hearing positive praise after completing extra work.  Some students come in to my classroom looking for attention anyway they can get it, whether it is for good reasons or not good reasons.  \r\n\r\nEvery morning, I have more students at my door wanting to get some extra time in on the computers to practice their math facts or get some more practice on SuccessMaker.\r\n\r\nMany of my students come from homes without computers, tablets and an internet connection.  Some of them require extra practice for certain skills.  Most parents want to help their student be successful but do not have the means to do so at this time.\r\nBy adding 4 Chromebooks to my classroom, there are four more students that can have a chance at being successful!  I have quite a few students who arrive earlier than needed to get some extra time on our Success Maker program or to log some minutes into Xtramath.org.  \r\nIt is a daily race as to who can get to the classroom first to get one of the four desktop computers (that are not reliable at all!)  By adding four Chromebooks, I can help four more students get some more time on the computers before school starts!"
a95fd0b6da40c2bf78e44239c5d3a0dd,Ms.,VT,2016-07-31 15:58:59,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","Character Education, Literacy","My students need a place to gather for morning meeting.  To discuss daily events, share and express views and collaborate and work together.",1,1,"A Place to GatherI am a first year teacher working in a small school.  I have already subbed in the school so I am familiar with some of my students.  I have eleven in a combined classroom of 2nd and 3rd grade and am eager to watch them learn and grow! This group has astounding energy and enthusiasm.  They are all very creative and need to be challenged.  I am excited to work with them and see what they can teach me about learning!Our classroom just got a makeover.  The thirty year old rug has been removed and we are in need of a comfortable place to gather and collaborate, to read together or independently and to meet everyday to discuss the week's events.  A simple area rug will help keep the classroom a functional and enjoyable place to learn and grow.  My students can work together on projects, read independently or just gather to hear the news.  A good rug will be the focal point of our classroom.  A place where we get together to discuss the big ideas and prepare for our daily tasks. Students also need comfortable places to read and work together during group projects.  By selecting bean bag chairs, it creates extra independent places for students to work."
d754341e7e03bab257693e4f7cf52db4,Mrs.,IA,2016-05-30 17:31:59,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need alternative seating for relaxing and reading a good book in bean bag chairs The mobile organizers will be used for organizing reading and writing materials for students.,0,1,"Relaxing and Organizing 2nd GradeOur elementary school is a small, rural school. We support each other like family and work hard to improve our learning. The students are thinkers. They love to read and research topics of interest. They enjoy writing about what they learn. \r\n\r\nOur school is in a low-income area. The teachers work hard to close the achievement gap between students by providing opportunities through reading and writing. Our students have improved this year and continue to increase their scores in reading.While the teacher is working with reading groups, students will be able to enjoy a good book in the bean bag chairs. The mobile organizers will keep our group reading materials available and organized for the teachers and students. \r\nThe donations will help to improve the love of reading in a relaxed atmosphere. Students will feel the freedom of choice to empower their learning. Relaxing with their favorite books will improve fluency and comprehension. Classroom management is easier when students are organized, relaxing, and enjoying books they love. This project will help second graders enhance the love of reading books."
14a8dd4f059af0a8224e97125d3b1a60,Mrs.,IN,2016-08-17 15:37:50,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Health & Life Science,"My students need a variety of life cycle materials.  We need 5 raise a frog kits,  A magnetic frog life cycle, and two chick life cycle kits.",4,1,"Learning About Life CylesOur school is a Indiana Department of Education certified STEM school.  We embed science, technology, engineering and math into our daily curriculum.  Students participate in robotics, computer science, picture perfect science and other excellent opportunities.  \r\nOur second grade has about 125 students and most of them don't have their basic needs met at home.  We  provide experiences that students wouldn't have   Many of them are from families that struggle financially. They are given limited resources at home.  We expand on the knowledge and experiences they have and allow them to see more.These supplies will allow the entire second grade to really observe life cycles.  We will study life cycles throughout the year.  We start with insects and students get to observe milkweed bugs, and butterflies.  Students observe chickens in the spring.  \r\n\r\nThese supplies will enhance students' learning of life cycles of the frog and chicken.  We would like to add frogs to the calendar and have them observe the growth all year.  The models will also help us to show the development of both the frog and chicken.  Students will get to see what happens inside the chicken egg each day."
b409f7a3bb291de6df2be80b14a3570e,Mrs.,MA,2016-09-11 21:31:21,Grades 6-8,History & Civics,History & Geography,My students need technology and games to help them succeed in our Global Classrooms curriculum.,6,0,"Going Global!My students are urban public school students who represent a variety of ethnicities, cultures and languages. Over 80% of the students in my school live at or below the poverty line.  Many of the students I serve are classified as English Language Learners or are eligible for special education services.\r\nThe students I teach do amazing things with limited resources! At the beginning of this school year, we learned that all of our students had made big gains last year!This year, my classes will be participating in a program called Global Classrooms, which will virtually connect them with students in 8 other classrooms around the world.  To do this, they need technology and other resources to learn about our partner countries.\r\nThe technology cart in this project will facilitate the on-line learning we will do via Global Classrooms, and the games will allow students to learn about our partner countries in a fun, yet educational, way.\r\nThese materials will allow them to expand their understanding of the world, and of the students we will partner with through Global Classrooms."
4bb1a765ad4bf3c8786555b05ceebcd2,Ms.,OH,2017-02-15 22:36:11,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need fidgets, balance balls and balance disks to help keep them focused!",2,0,"Creating a Kinesthetic Classroom Phase 2We live in a growing community that is starting to become tight on funds and space.  As our classroom size is getting larger, we are trying to find ways to make our space work for us.  Our goal this year is to find ways that we can cope with the difficult 3rd grade standards, learn how to control our testing anxieties and become fully engaged learners.\r\n\r\nI have a very diverse classroom.  Currently, I have 25 students in my room.  I have students who are in the 1 percentile, and others who are in the 99 percentile.  Some my students excel in art, others in PE and a few in music.  I have math minded students who struggle with reading, and those who excel in reading but cannot figure out our math practices.  \r\n\r\nMany of my students this year have struggled with attention and distractions.  We have started doing yoga as a whole class to combat this. Along with yoga, we do Kagan structures to increase engagement. We dance around the room, we mix up partners, and we sing and chant.  Some of my students stand up to complete their work to keep them focused.\r\n\r\nThis is phase two!  I broke this project into different phases so we can begin receiving our materials.\r\n\r\nTo engage all the styles of learners in my class, I am wanting to turn my classroom into a kinesthetic one! Instead of chairs, students can use balance balls, wobble chairs, and stand up at standing desks. For those who like to use \""regular\"" chairs, they can use foot pedals, or foot fidgets, to help them stay focused.\r\n\r\nI have read many articles about the use of kinesthetic equipment in the classroom and have become really interested in trying it in my own classroom. We are asking for pedals to go under the desks, wobble chairs, balance balls, rock and roll foot desk, balance boards, and standing desks.\r\n\r\nI have already utilized games, yoga, and constant movement to give my students more of a kinesthetic classroom feel. We have discussed having different kinds of seats, standing while working, and moving around the room to increase our engagement. I think having these items will really benefit my students."
ecea6576fb8ea98e34e1c7f81eca7c8d,Mr.,IN,2017-04-18 08:28:59,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need hands on learning materials to help them better understand the complex math skills they need to be successful.,3,1,"Manipulative's Make Math Fun & EngagingMy school is a fully funded Title I school (meaning we have a high percentage of children from low-income families). As a teacher in a low income/high poverty area, my students come in already at a disadvantage and far behind their counterparts in other areas of the city.  My students are desperate to learn and absorb everything I teach them.  Seeing their eyes open to a new world ahead of them is inspiring on a daily basis.\r\n\r\nMy students are in need of critical thinking and problem solving skills that can help them be competitive and productive in their futures.The math manipulative's will be used everyday by my students.  We have a difficult time making sense of certain math concepts and the small amount of manipulative's that we do have often have to be shared which doesn't bring understanding to every student.  I want my students to have the conceptual understanding of the complex math concepts taught in my classroom that will open them up for better problem solving skills.  These manipulative's will help my students throughout the year and can be used during daily math instruction.  I truly believe that manipulative's and hand-on experiences can be very impactful for math instruction and learning."
e6eb4bf8b5ca9406c05f3fbf65fe2b79,Ms.,CT,2016-08-14 16:42:59,Grades PreK-2,"Health & Sports, Literacy & Language","Health & Wellness, Literacy","My students need the Activity Scarves, the Sight-Word Steps, and the Healthy CD library to help them move in the classroom.",2,1,"We Like to Move It, Move It!My school serves students in grades K-6 and provides a caring, positive, safe environment with fantastic teachers and a rigorous curriculum.  My first grade classroom is full of eager, enthusiastic learners who need to be able to focus throughout the school day.  Having a variety of materials to help them move and get the wiggles out will benefit their academic career.  When young children are moving, they are engaged in the lesson.  This will lead to higher academic achievement in my classroom.My students are energetic students who love to move.  During transitions, we often listen to movement songs and dance.  The kids clap, shake, stomp, and even sing to help get ready for the next lesson.  During indoor recess, the students are looking for ways to move inside.  They often ask for music to be put on and are looking for new dances and games to play. \r\nThis project will help the students move everyday!  Also, the Sight-Word Steps will help them move during literacy centers.  This center will be a hit with my students!  They love opportunities to move and be active during center time."
e6cdd7ba0dd73cfeaa53c94821aeddfc,Mr.,IL,2017-03-30 00:57:09,Grades 3-5,"Music & The Arts, Special Needs","Music, Special Needs",My students need Orff Instruments to learn keyboard percussion instruments and have an understanding of melody and rhythm.,10,1,"Learning Melody Through Keyboard PercussionThis is my first year teaching and one thing I've noticed immediately about my students is that they are an immense group of untapped talent and creativity. \r\n\r\nMy students are most successful through project-based learning and hands-on approaches, they are very active!\r\n\r\nOur students come from Hispanic (making up seventy-four percent of our students) and African-American descents (making up twenty-one percent.) Our neighborhoods are made up of working class families with most in poverty, but this does not stop our students from success.Our students are in a great place in their musical journeys. They are currently learning rhythm through bucket drumming and melody through recorder. \r\n\r\nOur students need a tactile instrument to understand melody, while there are many who succeed on recorder, there are those who need a different approach.  Orff Xylophones are beneficial to my students because it prepares them to play in band and orchestra. Our students need to feel music to understand it. \r\n\r\nWhile recorder is an great resource to use for melody, for my students with learn disabilities, it can often be difficult for them to connect the breath with moving fingers. Orff Xylophones alleviates that stress.\r\n\r\nWe would use these resources for learning and concerts. Thank you for your support!"
1d50bde3f535b5d74704f8accff89663,Mrs.,TX,2016-11-14 22:02:59,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need comfortable chairs, beanbags and floor cushions to use during their independent reading time.",1,1,"Get Comfy and Read!Due to the high ELL population of our school, our classroom is brimming with students from an array of cultural backgrounds. The various experiences teach each of the students the importance of learning from each other and appreciating the diversity and uniqueness of our world. \r\nSuch a wide array of personalities and backgrounds creates a learning space that can only be described as a huge melting pot of knowledge. I truly appreciate the opportunity to foster the bond these students have and watch their family atmosphere grow stronger every day.Most of my students are avid readers and I try my best to allow them time each day to read for pleasure. During this time, many of my students love to leave their desks and spread out on the floor around the classroom. Although our room is carpeted, it is still not the most comfortable floor to lay on. \r\nMy kiddos would love to have pillows and bean bags at their disposal during the times when they would like to curl up with a good book. I encourage my students to read, read, read, and I think these items will only foster that love of reading even more!"
106d8124b4fac334dedff8fe5387ee68,Mrs.,CA,2017-02-12 02:05:59,Grades PreK-2,"Warmth, Care & Hunger","Warmth, Care & Hunger","My students need a variety of snacks such as cookies, gummies and juice to take home after school.",66,1,"Snacks to Take HomeI have a kindergarten class with 24 students. My students are bright-eyed, full of energy, and are excited to come to school and learn new things every day. \r\n\r\nOur school is located in the south side of Los Angeles. We are a Title I school, where all of our students qualify for free lunch. My students welcome all and every single donation that we receive, and we need each and everything we can get. My students need materials to stay engaged and to have the right learning conditions to maximize engagement in the classroom.My students are requesting a variety of snacks to be able to take home after school.\r\n\r\nMy students have an early lunch, so by 1:00 they are starving. Many of them go home feeling hungry. I would like this project to get funded so that I can send home snacks for my students to eat at home. \r\n\r\nWe are requesting cookies, gummies, pistachios, fruit gummies, as well as apple juice and orange juice. My kindergarteners would benefit from being able to take these snacks home. They would be able to eat something and get their homework done more comfortably. Thank you so much for considering our project."
127f7ec6bfbbce00ee3794bdf7d01e20,Mrs.,MI,2016-11-28 21:02:06,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a variety of subject matter to read to keep them interested in reading.,33,1,"READ! READ! READ Some More!My adorable little people are energetic, investigative, curious, and what to learn as much as possible. The neighborhood is inner city and some parts are being rebuilt. The school was rebuilt and a great place for children to learn. I want to add to their experience by providing them with extras that books and pencils just can't teach.\r\nI like to have a colorful, inviting environment where children can explore and grow.\r\nMy students and classroom need those extras that just make learning fun.My 5th Grade students love to read and there is not many different titles to chose from in the room. The books I chose are a variety of genres that are age appropriate that gives the students a chance to explore reading series for males and females. Some of the books are mysteries and some factual. \r\nStudents that love to read and have multiple choices to chose to read will read longer and enjoy it more than standard reading of textbooks.  These books are mostly series of newer authors that catch the students attention and have cartoons or movies made about them. so they are familiar."
b1a3d6bf950718d3fe36ea8f9df9c257,Mr.,CT,2016-12-14 23:32:43,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,"My students need pencils, erasers, a pencil sharpener, and other learning materials!",33,1,"Learning to Become Future Leaders Through Writing!My students are wonderful kids that come to school to learn and explore. Their minds are young and ready to soak up the knowledge that I am presenting in front of them. I am so proud of my students for always trying their best and aspiring to become everything they want.\r\nMy students are full of energy and life that are ready to have their brains pushed to the next level. My kids are ready to go and learn all that they can!These materials will become part of the students daily learning! We go through a lot of pencils as we advance our math, reading, and writing skills. We need pencils, a pencil sharpener and erasers to help us keep our amazing work progressing forward, and other materials to stay organized. Having these new materials will help us throughout the day by having new materials to work with.\r\nLearning to be organized and advancing our knowledge and skills of writing is helping inspire students to become independent learners and future leaders. Let's continue to advance our understanding of topics by writing and creating because we will be the future leaders in our communities."
b77fc0eeacecb0360c50d9646d601443,Mr.,CA,2017-02-27 18:31:13,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Literacy & Language","Health & Life Science, Literacy",My students need technology to help them improve their literacy skills.,0,1,"Curriculum SupportMy students are very special indeed. They are four very lovable moderate-to-severe special education students. They have a large range of abilities and learning differences but all are within the moderate to severe spectrum. Therefore, they all four have unique individualized learning plans and must have curriculum that is designed for their IEP goals. This means that when we have a math lesson, four different levels must be designed. This type of student thrives using the many applications available to those with learning differences. Unfortunately, we only have a couple of out-dated computers that do no run the modern applications that have been designed for students with autism and other specific learning differences.I currently have access to a state-of-the-art curriculum from Unique Learning Systems. It is designed to meet my students' needs at their skills level. However, it also is designed to be interactive and thus engaging for moderate to severe students. Since I do not have the proper technology available to  implement the program, the students are forced to use PDF versions (black and white) of what could be a colorful and engaging lesson. If I had four iPads, each of my four students could have one. But two would allow me to have my students take turns on the curriculum and other applications that are designed for students with their specific needs."
81c6ab0773570fd596b4f37755ae9c8d,Mrs.,SC,2017-03-11 11:45:07,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need reading and writing folder games, close reading comprehension centers,  language and vocabulary practice cards and small group activities.",18,1,"Reading is the Key to Success!I teach in a Title 1 school in North Charleston, SC where 100% of our kids receive free breakfast and lunch. Moreover, our school is predominantly Hispanic and we have a large percentage of non-English speaking students. Despite coming from their poverty-stricken lifestyles and speaking little to no English, they enter school each and every day ready to learn.  They want to be successful just like every other child. I am fortunate enough to teach some amazing children that deserve so much more than they know!\r\nMy class will use these materials to improve vocabulary and reading comprehension. They will use them in large and small groups as well as independently to learn and reinforce necessary ELA skills. These reading/writing folder games, close reading comprehension centers,  language/vocabulary practice cards and small group activities will definitely help my students improve in reading!\r\n\r\nI know they will love the vocabulary and reading card games as well as the reading practice activities that they can use together. I am eager to see them use these this year and next year to help them become fluent readers with improved vocabulary. \r\n\r\nI am anxious to also use the small group resources to help maximize their understanding of tough reading skills."
a3096d0492431d2b2a23394c572391b0,Ms.,MO,2016-07-10 23:34:33,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Math & Science","Community Service, Environmental Science","My students need several Galaxy Tab 4's, Sprout pencils and flexible seating to participate in a year long project based learning project focused on technology and the environment.",0,1,"Earth Day Project Based Learning \""Pencil War\""My second grade students come to school still eager to learn and ready for the day's adventures. Each day I work to bring them a fun and engaging education in which they learn to explore their  world, tap into their personal interests and facilitate their own learning through real world project based adventures. We learn traditional concepts in non-conventional, technology driven ways while integrating character development techniques that help prepare them for being an integral part of our future society.With your donation, my class will be able to participate in a year long project based learning activity that culminates on Earth Day and gives back to the Earth and the local community. The Sprout pencils will kick off our year as a part of our \""pencil war\"". Pencils seem to magically break or disappear, so my class will be challenged to keep the same four pencils I provide them at the beginning of the year. Each week, students that rise to the challenge will earn a sticker on our tracking chart.\r\n\r\nAs the year goes on, we will collaborate in person and via technology with our Galaxy Tabs as we use the internet to research local community gardens and apps to help us take our newly learned measurement skills to the next level by plotting our Sprout pencil landscape. When Earth Day rolls around, the pencils will have been sharpened to the point that they are able to be planted. We will learn about the benefits of recycling and giving back to our Earth and community. In just a few months after we plant, the pencils will grow into herbs, edible flowers and spices that can be used in local food kitchens for the homeless."
0508b1603c60a949615fd499cf076c08,Ms.,OH,2017-04-05 16:06:45,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Visual Arts,"My students need paint, loose parts for projects, glue, tape, and paper.",0,1,"Creation StationI teach a class of vibrant and eager 3-5 year olds. My class consists of 100% Head Start children which qualify for the program on the basis of income. While my students are highly creative, many of them spend a lot of time consuming television and movies. I hope that through experiences at school, my children can become active creators as opposed to passive consumers. Research shows that young children learn most through active experiences. By planning and executing their own ideas in their art, my students learn to express their individuality and think independently as opposed to copying a teacher model. \r\nIt is my goal to foster creativity through a \""creation station\"" where my students are free to plan, design and create things which represent their unique ideas and experiences.  However, as a single mother of a preschooler myself, I am unable to pay for all the materials and loose parts needed to stock a \""creation station.\"" Earlier in the year, before we ran out of materials, my students used supplies to represent things we had learned or read about as well as representations of things from their home lives. Your help can restock their shelves and imaginations!These materials will allow children to recreate their ideas and concepts about our learning topics through art. This will foster fine motor growth, creativity and symbolic thinking. Children will use these materials for open ended projects and creation. They will use problem solving skills to plan and execute art projects. Since young children are active learners, using these materials will boost vocabulary about textures and what they create. Art can also teach concepts about colors, sizes, positions and quantities of objects. They can also explore science concepts such as the properties of materials, motion and cause and effect through art."
dee51e804d70b6be40a5cb36b33d9265,Mr.,NY,2016-08-24 11:27:12,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literature & Writing, Special Needs","My students need basic classroom supplies such as pencils, notebooks, tape, folders, and more in order to start off a successful and productive school year!",10,1,"Special Education Students Need Supplies!\""Mr. Pierre, I am ready to learn now!\"", one of my 4th grade students said at the beginning of last year when he was given  folders, a journal notebook and pencils. These were some of the supplies that I included on my beginning of the year supply list. However, he like the majority of my students could not afford supplies so I provided them myself out of pocket.\r\n\r\nI work in a Title I school in Brooklyn, New York and my students, though eager to learn, encounter barriers from the moment they enter our halls.  My students are in a special education setting and many of them suffer extreme poverty, living in shelters and unstable housing situations. Unfortunately, affording supplies is a luxury when it goes up against clothing, heat, or food.\r\n\r\nThe situation I've described is no fault of our students who want the opportunity to learn and advance their lives. They are engaged and enthusiastic. They are creative and wordsmiths. They love school. Truly!The various supplies listed in this project are fundamental items to ensure student learning. For example, notebooks, highlighters and pencils are for all subjects so students can write and take notes. Copy paper and construction paper are for art projects and copies. Staples and tape are used for projects and displaying student work. Tissue paper and clorox wipes are needed for everything from colds to spills in the classroom environment.\r\n\r\nEvery year students need basic supplies because they are a prerequisite for SUCCESS! This year is no different than any other and I want to guarantee they at the very least start on an even playing field.\r\n"
82b0ea9f44ae1440f74ccf0c543ef601,Mrs.,DE,2016-08-16 18:53:50,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need safety equipment for science labs and the opportunity to feel like real scientists.,5,1,"Help Us Be Scientists!The students in my classes come to school everyday to persevere through real world problems. Most of the students are on free and reduced lunch and receive weekend meals through our Backpack program. A lot of these students come to school to escape a rough neighborhood or home life. It is important for them to have a safe place to learn. \r\n\r\nIt is so important for my students to feel as though their teachers believe in them and care for them. We challenge them to push themselves towards greatness.The students will benefit greatly from having the lab aprons and goggles for science. It will allow them to be more hands-on with science investigations and will also give them the opportunity to feel like genuine scientists. The students will be investigating the effects of weathering and erosion on multiple types of rocks and minerals. They will be handling chemicals such as hydrochloric acid, it is very important that they are safe while handling this material; the aprons and safety goggles will allow students to be safe. \r\n\r\nIt is also important for students to feel like real scientists, being able to wear a lab apron and safety goggles will give them the ability to feel as though they are scientists and not just students in the classroom."
afba180e88c15b82b55c744d02bf8901,Mrs.,MA,2017-02-11 17:58:12,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy",My students need access to applications on the IPad such as Chatterbox to increase students engagement and motivation.,4,1,"Launched on the IPadOn the west wall of my room. you'll see a world map. Under the map are tiny flags for each country. Often, it is to these flags, that my new students are drawn. For my students are coming from many area around the world. They may be too young to point to the geographical location of their native land on a map. But, they know their flag and become excited when they see it. My students are learning English.\r\nTheir identities are being molded as they meld traditional customs to the values of their new home, the USA. It is important to me that they maintain their pride in their homeland while gradually learn to navigate the language and expectations in our democracy.\r\nI would like to purchase an IPad, keyboard and case to stay current with all the applications now available to educators. One app that was introduced at our last professional development was called Chatterbox. It allows pictures to \""speak\"" using the child's own voice. For instance, after reading a biography, the child could draw a picture of the subject and then have their illustration describe his or her story by recording the child's voice. There are also many other apps which could enliven our lessons, and keep learning an active process. By having an IPad in the classroom, there is no limit to what we can access."
8d9538817c62768fea823ac4a9631831,Ms.,OR,2016-10-14 17:47:12,Grades 3-5,"Health & Sports, Applied Learning","Health & Wellness, Other","My students need seating options that help them with sensory needs, build muscle strength and control and to maintain focus.",12,1,"Hooray for Hokki Stools!They are 20 (plus 10 fourth graders from the neighboring classroom for math class) curious, creative, and supportive 9 & 10 year olds. They are an amazing bunch of characters; inspirational and interested children who come from a wonderfully diverse array of backgrounds and interests.\r\n\r\nMy students are making the best with our tiny classroom, but they really don't have enough space or time to move their bodies as much as they need. They are experts of asking questions, exploring, and thirsty for knowledge and high quality literature, materials, and education.These Hokki stools will assist my students (and me!) in our classroom! They will be a seating option that will rotate among all interested students. The large Hokki stool will be a lightweight and easy way for me to conference with students at their space, cutting down on transport time for students, enabling me to conference with many more students each week. \r\n\r\nResearch has shown that Hokki stools, as well as other forms of flexible seating, are beneficial to all types of students! I can't wait to see the excitement on my student's faces when they will get the opportunity to use a colorful, cool, different type of seat, rather than their usual hard desk chairs!"
cf027d32c4961b495fbf5638a544c834,Ms.,NY,2016-11-17 12:38:04,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Environmental Science",My students need 3D Doodler Pens to create 3D replicas of arctic animals and scenery!,37,1,"3D DoodlersMy students are an eager bunch of four years old that are so excited to learn each day. My Pre-K classroom is constantly buzzing with energetic children who truly have a love for learning. Each day is filled with play, singing, dancing, hands-on experiences, and scientific explorations that have true meaning to these young learners. Their amazing experiences in school so far bring smiles and joy to their faces each morning. Watching them grow and seeing them excited to learn each day truly makes my job as a teacher so rewarding.My students would love a set of 3D Doodler Pens so we could print arctic animals and arctic scenery. \r\nMy students absolutely love this upcoming unit, and can't wait to start learning about polar bears, penguins, and whales! My vision for this project, is to use our 3D Doodler Pens to print the animals, snowflakes, igloos, as well as small yet realistic habitats for them. Using the animals from the pens, we can study their physical features, as well as use them as display items at the end of our study.\r\n\r\nI know that my students will be more than thrilled to engage in the process of learning about an animal, and then using the 3D pen to create our selections."
710c5e0e4765803edd511595d97b69b8,Mrs.,CA,2016-12-07 20:43:01,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literature & Writing",My students need a wireless speaker so they can hear all the way to the back of the clasroom.,71,1,"Crank It Up to \""11\""!My 8th grade students are an energetic bunch of teens who love to socialize and have fun.\r\nOur Title I middle school is located in a high-poverty, working-class neighborhood in Northern California. About 60 percent of our student body receives free or reduced-price lunch, and more than 60 percent of them are also English language learners.\r\n\r\nAlthough these teens possess many amazing gifts, many of them have enormous hardships to deal with in their lives. They are Bulldogs in name as well as spirit, however: They persevere in the face of these adversities and will triumph over them!Our current speakers are good and produce clear sound, but, even when they're at their highest volume, they just aren't loud enough. In fact, many students in the back of the our classroom have to strain to hear what's being said when we watch videos. One of our Common Core standards is to compare and contrast video versions to the original texts: Students are expected to write essays explaining how faithful the video is to the text. and evaluating the director's and actors' choices. These are challenging essays to write for many of our students, especially our English language learners. \r\nThrow in a sound system that is barely loud enough to hear in the back of the room, and the task is made even more difficult. This wireless Bluetooth speaker would be perfect in the back of the classroom so everyone can hear well, not just those students who are close to the speakers."
cf7bf977b09bc994c89c18c3e14ba428,Ms.,NJ,2017-02-06 10:11:17,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need new materials to help create a more comfortable learning environment during Reading Workshop.,5,1,"Creating a Cozy Reading EnvironmentMy students show a true love of reading each and every day. So many of them have really seemed to fall in love with Reading Workshop and they find this time during the day to be precious.\r\n\r\nI have a class of 19 amazing first grade readers.\r\n\r\nThey love learning and are constantly eager to learn more. They are full of questions and curiosity and show such a strong dedication to learning at such a young age. I want nothing more than to continue to develop this love of learning throughout the rest of the school year.I am asking for two different materials for my students in this project. Both of these materials would benefit all of my students during Reading Workshop each day. \r\n\r\nSo many beginning readers need to read aloud to themselves.  Reading out loud during early stages of reading helps to develop fluency, comprehension, and important foundational skills. When you have a busy and crowded classroom, often times other students become distracted by readers who choose to read out loud. The reading phones are the perfect solution to this problem. Readers will still read out loud, but can whisper read to themselves and still clearly hear themselves without distracting other readers. \r\n\r\nI am also asking for some new pillows. Part of developing a love of reading during reading workshop is the opportunity for students to choose a comfortable reading spot for them. The students look forward to this time of the day, they are excited to choose a special reading spot and get to work with their books. The students would absolutely love getting cozy with a great book and a new pillow."
9723a1cfa3583d79cfbb46acddac8d88,Mrs.,CA,2016-08-18 19:30:46,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need a textbook that is better suited for project-based learning.,2,1,"\""ACTIVE PHYSICS\"" for ACTIVE learners!My students are everything to me! I want to be able to give them the best learning experience possible. I think of my students from the moment I wake up, to the moment I sleep all year long. I think about how I can improve my teaching; how I can reach that one struggling student; and how I can show them they can do anything they put their mind to.\r\n\r\nAs a physics teacher, I want them to see the world inside and out.\r\nI want them to see the beauty and majesty of the rules that govern our universe from the infinitesimal to the infinite. I hope to make their learning experience as great as the students in a more affluentMy site will not be purchasing new textbooks for a long time even though we have new standards and new methodologies for teaching. I piloted the \""Active Physics\"" curriculum on my own last year in an effort to shift to a more student-centered curriculum. My students were much more actively engaged with this curriculum then any curriculum I had tried before. \r\n\r\nMy hope is to have at least enough textbooks for each lab group. This will allow me to save on paper. Also, my students will be able to have everything in color. Hopefully, the district is able to eventually adopt books of similar caliber."
b4d4cc84660450dc8e6c4868222f394a,Mr.,CA,2016-09-10 14:45:02,Grades 9-12,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Character Education, Special Needs",My students need more seating and shade area to socialize with their typical peers buddies during their club meetings at lunchtime.,0,1,"Lunchtime SocialThe students that are served within my classroom are a wonderful group of individuals with a variety of disabilities and abilities. Their learning centers on development of individual skills, social communication, and vocational skills training. They are driven individuals who strive daily to obtain their goals. I am merely in the classroom to support, guide, and provide them the tools they need to be successful.\r\n\r\nMy students are determined, smart, funny, and caring individuals that have such a strong passion for life which is fostered through the connection of family, community, and school within the city of Carlsbad, CA. The students have a strong family support system and school services which enables them to move closer in achieving their goals.My students need more seating options for eating their lunch, shade protection from the sun, and covered area to be active with their peer buddies. \r\n Currently my students are left exposed to direct sunlight and moderate levels of heat esposure which has the potential to cause heat related medical issues. \r\nThese materials will improve their physical mobility, social awareness, and social communication skills with the increased access to their peers, which was once limited to only one table. Additionally, these materials will increase club activities, gatherings, and more opportunities for time spent with typical peers in a structured leaning environment."
92c21ecc904abc20ca7bc30d34c08bff,Mrs.,NY,2016-06-27 13:25:52,Grades 6-8,"History & Civics, Special Needs","History & Geography, Special Needs","My students need IPAD AIR 2 tablets as well as cases, to allow them the ability to work on group assignments as well as the control to hand in their own assignments!",3,1,"IPADS needed to bring Social Studies and History to life!I work in a TITLE I school, which leads to many disadvantages both educationally and economically. My students are often English Language Learners, as well as special education students. These children are faced with many obstacles which they must overcome, and every little bit of help we can give them makes a huge impact in their daily lives. \r\n\r\nIn an age of modern technology it seems inconceivable that there could be people without the internet at their fingertips, but unfortunately my students are underprivileged in this way. By receiving these IPAD AIR 2 as well as cases, my students would be given the chance to no longer be at the mercy of situations beyond their control. \r\n\r\nIt is hard enough to be a student, without having to be embarrassed by not being able to turn in assignments or work in groups because you did not have the access to technology that is often taken for granted. My hope is to inspire these children to do the best they can, not just do the best with what they have.Teaching social studies is one of the most challenging subjects for modern students to grasp.  Most students find it challenging  because these  students have all grown up in a technologically advanced society. \r\n\r\nIt is hard to understand the struggles of our Nation's history unless you are living it, IPADS are bringing history to life in our classrooms. My students are immigrants who are  learning the English language for the first time. These students are struggling to learn new subjects in a language that they are still trying to master.  My special education students are in need of ever advantage they can get, to be able to learn in the way that works best for them individually. \r\n"
8cc8d9eb556b30487b1fce8ddc7a35ed,Mrs.,CA,2016-09-14 18:24:35,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,"Health & Life Science, Mathematics",My students need snacks to get them through the day of extra classes.,6,0,"Feed the Student Feed the BrainMy high school is a comprehesive school with an auxially site a mile away.  We have about 3000 students enrolled.  What makes my school so special is that we are currently have about 75% alumnae on staff. \r\nWe are currently exploring several different opportunities for our students to advance in their academic journey. Some of the outside the normal school day schedule  we are offering after school tutoring, Saturday classes, late afternoon classes along with several AP classes.  Our hope is to get our students college ready.We offer our students breakfast in the classroom everyday to help start them off right, after all breakfast is the most important meal of the day. These snacks will also help keep them going through their after school classes.  \r\nMany of our student are attending after school tutoring, AP tutoring and enrichment classes until 5:30.  These snacks will defiantly help nourish both their minds and their souls. \r\nWe like to think that by providing our students with a little snack also helps them how important they are to us inside and out. \r\nA full belly helps feed the brain too.  \r\n"
c64521aa5757d4c06067ebc96795171c,Ms.,TX,2017-01-22 16:18:26,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need two multicolored bean bags & comfy seats so they can be comfortable when they read.,3,1,"Comfy Learning in Our Reading CenterMy students are active little scholars who are truly excited about learning. These Kindergarten students are extremely curious and are always actively looking for new adventures and new ways to learn. \r\n\r\nThey have great potential and love to read! They have various learning styles that need to be accommodated in order for them to reach their maximum potential.\r\nIn my class, I have 20 limited English proficiency students. They all qualify for free breakfast and lunch. We are a Title 1 school with many students from families with low incomes. Our students are proud to be a part of our school and are ready to learn each day when entering the building. \r\n  \r\nMy students are faced with many challenges both in and out of the classroom.  I want to provide them with a comfortable environment and with creative and meaningful learning experiences.These comfy seats will make a difference in my students' learning because it will give them additional options for seating in our classroom during independent and partner reading time. These bean bags will change my students lives for the better because they will be able to read and listen to others read in a comfortable spot.\r\n\r\nI strive to help my students love reading, if they are reading more their reading skills will improve.\r\n\r\nFurthermore, they will concentrate more on their reading because they will be comfortable while doing it. For me is very important that my students feel comfortable while discovering new adventures through books.\r\n"
d7e41ea2cdc4d3e88bff11c7fd26cc87,Ms.,CA,2016-10-26 18:25:28,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Environmental Science","My students need hands on science, technology, engineering, and mathematical activities to help them grow and explore fields important to the 21st century!",1,1,"Help me grow Scientific Minds!\""You is kind. You is smart. You is important.\""-Kathy Stockett. While this statement may not be grammatically correct, these are the things that I tell my students on a daily basis because not only do I truly believe this to be true about all my students, but I also want them to believe this to be true about themselves. Because sometimes if you say it enough, you start believe it.\r\n\r\nI have students that live in a home with parents in and out of jail, living in domestic violence situations, residing in homeless shelters, and/or parents that are either not alive or chose not to be in their child's lives. Additionally, the vast majority of my students reside in a socioeconomically challenged neighborhood riddled with crime and poverty. My students come to school to escape these situations, to feel safe, and better themselves for their future. I am happy to provide this environment and invest into my students so they can thrive!\r\n\r\nIn addition to teaching in the traditional third grade classroom, I also teach all of our school's third grade Special Education students in conjunction with their Special Education teacher.All students ask questions about the world around them. Questions in my classroom range from the solar system to how machines they see every day are made. \r\n\r\nWhile we explore answers to these important questions in our classroom, showing them the answer through hands-on science, technology, engineering, and mathematical experiences would leave a last impression that these students thrive for. By providing these students with hands on STEM activities, I am able to spark their interests in studies that extend beyond the textbook and into real life experiences.\r\n\r\nMy students would be forever grateful for the activities this project could provide them. Watching students learn by doing will keep them motivated to do their best and excite them for careers in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics."
0e2468b8408b9b0b99cf88fefc3274af,Mrs.,NY,2016-05-11 09:43:54,Grades PreK-2,Music & The Arts,Music,"My students need finger puppets to help them find their singing voices.  The bird puppets, including owls, robins, and hummingbirds,  will help our voices to soar!",0,1,"Help Our Singing Voices Soar\""A child who sings is a happy child\"" - Elder Enrique Falabella\r\n\r\nIt is my goal for every child who walks into my classroom to find their singing voice and for music class to be a place where they find joy.  These puppets will help them to sing like birds!I teach over 500 students in my building.  Some of my students have their very first musical experiences in my classroom.  Some of them are hesitant at first to join in.  Puppets like these can take the fear away from having to sing by themselves because instead of thinking of it as their own voices, they can make the puppet sing instead!My students will use these puppets to help their voices match pitch.  They will first match my voice and then play games with friends making their voices match each other.  They will also use the birds when I am checking in to see how they are doing with their singing voices by hearing them individually.  In addition, we will also use them to act out stories as well as musical listening examples.The puppets will be loved by the children and will help them feel comfortable singing by themselves.  It will improve their confidence and will also help their singing voices to match pitch."
c34c221d96f3664704c6e960b9c6ace4,Ms.,MO,2017-04-07 12:28:44,Grades 9-12,"History & Civics, Literacy & Language","History & Geography, Literature & Writing","My students need \""Hamilton: the Revolution\"" books to bring our country's past to life, and to jump start our discussion of media literacy today!",10,1,"Hamilton: The Revolution!My school is a small, rural school of 165 students Pre-K-12. The school environment is one where everyone knows everyone else, a very close knit community. The kids are hard workers and always willing to learn something new and exciting. My students are bright, inquisitive students, who are eager to learn about the world around them. The students are interested in learning about the world outside of their small town and enjoy interacting in different ways with the material being taught.I don't think that there has ever been a time when it has been so crucial to engage students in conversations around our history's impact on our present.  This book provides a unique twist on combining music, literature, and history.  Students respond well to the combination of music and learning.\r\n\""Hamilton: the Revolution,\"" will be the first step we will take in our journey of exploring media literacy concepts and helping students learn to view the news and media coverage with a critical lens. Through the use of this book, my students will start to evaluate the reliability and credibility of different sources of information and take notes to share with others while sifting through our country's history."
ae656a7332f39bb467ea6c1347c6b7e4,Mrs.,CA,2017-01-03 19:18:05,Grades 9-12,Applied Learning,Extracurricular,My students need a decent camera to be able to take action shots of sports to place into the newspaper. The class has a camera but does not work for action shots.,0,1,Action it up!What makes my students special is that they are a small group of students that are close and love to write and take pictures. It is the first time that these students have gotten together to produce a newspaper.\r\nIn the class I have students that range from 10th grade to 12th grade. The students range in academics from AP class and 4.0 to college prep classes. The students come from different socio economic backgrounds and some are heavily involved in the school.This is the first year that Ridgeview high school has had a journalism class to itself. The class has had to borrow cameras from the yearbook staff in order to take pictures to place into the newspaper. When the students get their own camera they will be able to learn how to take prof. action shots.\r\nStudents in the class will also be able to  create a portfolio of their pictures to use for future use or later in life if they want to become a journalist/ photographer  later in life. The students will also  feel proud of their work in the newspaper with a camera that works properly.
cc1401183640810bc6d49392bef8ece6,Mrs.,AZ,2016-06-29 19:33:26,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need 6 Inflatated Stability Wobble Cushions for flexible seating options.,0,1,"Flexible Seating=Flexible GrowthMy students are happy children that are driven and strive for excellence.  They are curious, self-starters and love the process of learning.  Setting goals for themselves and determining a path to achieve those goals, is a standard practice in the classroom and my students make it a point to take a step closer to those goals each day!  They are passionate about their learning and show a tremendous sense of pride in themselves and their classroom community.  My students are eager and ready to learn and they come to class with a diverse set of learning abilities and goals.   \r\nThe students are open to change and see the flexible seating as a tremendous opportunity for growth and transformation in our environment and learning.  They are anxious to be pioneers of this setting at our school as we are the first classroom to offer this option for seating!  With the diversity of learning modalities, the flexible seating will enhance our journey this school year and aide in the growth of our academic successes. \r\nThe classroom environment will be enhanced with the use of flexible seating options.  Stability discs will be a comfortable choice when sitting on the floor to complete class assignments.   Students often prefer sitting on the floor over the traditional desk tops and these discs will provide them the opportunity to do so in comfort.\r\n\r\nStudents will use the discs instead of the traditional seating options and they will be perfect for the lowered table in the classroom, not to mention the flexibility of moving the discs around to other areas of the room as needed.  The discs can be used in various areas of the classroom."
57fa258ec62f952a29fa9b28072b5ea6,Ms.,IN,2016-11-02 11:02:07,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need high interest chapter books to allow them to explore their love of reading.,0,1,"Ready to Read, Read, Read!My classroom is full of students from very diverse backgrounds and cultures, but they all have one thing in common.... they LOVE learning! Each day, my students come in eager to learn something new and engage with their classmates. We are a tight-knit class and my students treat each other with love and respect. I am eager to teach each day because my students are eager to learn. My students are excited to grow academically each and every school day.Recently, I moved from teaching first grade to fourth grade. I have slowly been able to buy 4th grade appropriate materials but I am still in need of more high interest chapter books. My students have asked for several different popular book sets and I have been unable to purchase them. I would love to be able to have the popular books sets of Goosebumps, Diary of a Wimpy Kid, and Dork Diaries for my students. I absolutely love the excitement on a student's face when they find a new book they enjoy and would love to be able to give them the books they are requesting."
c4af35182e708170931cbba44f615664,Mr.,FL,2016-09-01 05:34:32,Grades 6-8,"Math & Science, Applied Learning","Applied Sciences, College & Career Prep","My students need the VEX IQ starter kit to learn the basic coding skills of RobotC. These skills will help them become marketable for magnet school in the area, which increases their chances of graduating.",2,1,"Help the Trojans Jump Into the FutureWe now live in a society where the jobs of tomorrow are not even created. My students are growing and learning and I have the fear that I will not be able to prepare them for this ever changing world. In my STEM Coding class my students will grow in skills that are necessary for the jobs of tomorrow. \r\n\r\nMy kids are energetic and constantly moving; young and thirsty to learn more. Furthermore, they are also inquisitive, and goal-oriented. They come from areas that aren't as safe to walk at night, yet they push that aside as soon as they are in the safety of Mr. Mena's class. They worry about their next meal while also trying to learn about HTML and RobotC coding. Our school is a wealth of possibility, with kids who aspire to be great but have been known to achieve at a below average rate. My kids, are beginning to set goals that will make them push towards places they have never reached before. This may not be a perfect place, but it is perfect for us and we love to call it home.My students need to feel like they are believed in, and with the materials our school has, at times that is hard to believe. These VEX IQ starter kits will help them gain skills that they need to be accepted into better high schools. These materials will allow students to engage in new methods of critical thinking and problem solving. \r\n\r\nMy students deserve to have the same opportunities as their wealthy counterparts. My students will pair this with their coding curriculum to help their skills in STEM grow. We will use the robots to work through problems and learn coding."
886bfcbe4c460829f4c26ad6bbdfd7f8,Mrs.,TX,2016-08-01 12:44:54,Grades 9-12,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,"My students need FitBit Altas, disinfecting wipes, hand sanitizer, and tissues, and flexible seating options - indoors and outdoors including an outdoor picnic table and kindey table for our classroom.",23,1,"A Healthy Classroom Inside & Out!My students are deaf, hard-of-hearing, and deaf-blind. My campus serves the Regional Day School Program for the Deaf in our area. \r\nStudents are bused in from surrounding school districts to receive our specialized deaf education teachers, audiologists, speech pathologists, VI teacher, intervener, and interpreting services. \r\nMost of our students come from low-income households and many have limited access to language (spoken English or sign language) at home. It is imperative for our students to learn language at school in a hands-on, visual way!My students are constantly going through boxes of tissues and by December they wonder where all the tissues have gone as illnesses creep up. We need hand sanitizer, Clorox wipes, and mounds of tissues to keep illness out of the classroom! \r\nMy students use sign language and even tactile sign language (signing into a deaf-blind student's hands) so we especially need to be sure to keep our hands clean so we don't spread germs to each other. \r\n\r\nI always promote a healthy lifestyle for my students and wear a Fitbit myself. My students expressed interest in Fitbit activity trackers to track their own activity! Awesome!  My students will be motivated to stay active and engage in friendly step count competitions which will keep them active all day! (It's always fun to try and get in more steps!) I'm especially excited about the silent alarm feature so my student who is deaf-blind can feel vibration alarms set up by me so she can easily know when the bell will ring to start and end class or when it's time for lunch. It will give her so much more independence!\r\n\r\nWe recently moved classrooms into a portable outside of our building. My students would love to have class outside when it's nice out so they can soak up vitamin D and enjoy the outdoors on the new picnic table and umbrella. Inside our classroom, to support our district's vision to create \""flexible learning environments\"" we would love a kidney table so we can see each other sign easier since it's a half-circle shape. Sitting in normal desks makes it hard for students to see each other easily. Visual cues are EXTREMELY important in my deaf education class!\r\n"
99d34313fc4812c56901b8960a86d41b,Ms.,MI,2017-01-13 09:46:16,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need an iPad to assist them during their daily writing workshops.,4,1,"Ready for Writing!My students are amazing middle school children who attend a suburban public school in Western Michigan. They work together collaboratively at being successful and with my guidance, are preparing themselves to become highly skilled, well-educated, productive young adults. Our classroom consists of students with disabilities, language barriers, and different learning styles - all working hard to master our Common Core Standards while gaining a years growth above their initial yearly baseline tests. Parents have chosen to enroll their children in our school rather than larger urban neighborhood buildings closer to their homes. This decision blesses our building with students from over fifty countries and a ninety-five percent free and or reduced lunch rate population. Since these parents go out of their way to secure a safe environment with rich curriculum meeting the needs of their children; I do as much as possible for my students. My wish is to have as many, if not all of the tools and equipment needed to give these children the best education possible.Teaching middle school students to write is a daunting task. I get the dreaded eye roll, smacking lips, and the ever present, \""May I be excused to use the restroom?\"" Our writing workshop requires students to write daily over extended periods of time. In order to accommodate the various learning styles in an individual class, I try to incorporate technology as often as possible, exposing students to real world writing experiences, which are needed to function successfully within our global society. \r\nAll students struggle with writing. Remember when you were in middle school and your teacher gave you a writing topic? Remember how you had a million ideas and when that moment came to draft your thoughts onto paper your mind drew a blank? That happens every day during our writing workshops. Despite having students that do not enjoy writing, I also have several students that cannot physically hold a pencil. My students with disabilities need assistance and assurance with writing and  with this donation of an iPad to our class, these struggling students will gain confidence and learn to enjoy writing."
e650de5d07d4287e23d0015852eb7398,Ms.,FL,2016-10-09 21:50:35,Grades 6-8,Health & Sports,Team Sports,My students need supplies for the track meets to help them be prepared and keep them hydrated and safe from the elements.,3,1,"Track & Field Team SuppliesIn northern Miami lies a diverse, loving, and energetic community that needs assistance. About 80% of the population is of Haitian descent and 12% is Hispanic making English their second language. Many families have recently migrated to the United States in search for a better life and to achieve the American dream. Unfortunately, these students have numerous obstacles in their path to success. \r\nAs in most major inner-cities, our students face staggering crime rates, gang recruitment, and extreme poverty. The teachers and staff at the school are charged with keeping students on the right track and helping to reduce the educational inequity that currently exists. One of the ways that we achieve this is by providing numerous after-school and extracurricular activities. Track & field has become a well-known program in the school. Last year we made history and took several boys to the FLYRA state finals where they placed 3rd overall as a middle school team.These items will help assist students to be prepared for track meets. Something as small as bags and socks are priceless items for these students. Those items cost money and many times they do not have the means to buy these necessities. In addition, the students need to be safe and hydrated at the track meets. The tent will help shade them from the blistering Florida sun and the water cooler and bottles will assist in hydration. \r\nProviding students with these essentials will allow students the opportunity to practice and perform to their full potential.  I want to level the playing field and ensure that these students on the team have nothing holding them back from succeeding."
fb5fbf1f06e3991ced0a3e5c2bb7183a,Mr.,WI,2016-06-07 14:27:09,Grades 3-5,"Health & Sports, Special Needs","Health & Wellness, Special Needs","My students need alternative seating choices to better fit their learning styles.  Out with desks and chairs, in with tables and ball chairs!",0,1,"Fight Fidgeting With Alternative Seating Choices!Many third grade students are active, fidgety, and hands-on learners.  They can only handle so much traditional \""sit and read\"" learning.  In our school we strive to give students numerous options and opportunities to learn.  We have programs such as Project Lead the Way, which is a STEM program, to expose students to hands-on learning in a Science/Engineering curriculum.  We also give students time rejuvenate their brains, using \""brain breaks\"", to refresh themselves after intense sessions of learning.\r\n\r\nThe traditional way of sitting at a desk in a chair is a tough task for students to do for lengthy amounts of time.  We want to give students choice in how they sit, so it can fit their learning style.Students in third grade are really beginning that transition into the middle school mindset, but they're still fidgety like a second grader.  I would like to give my students personalized learning choices of where, and how they can sit in class.  The goal of course is to optimize the learning in our classroom!\r\n\r\nEvery student learns differently, and each one deserves a personalized learning space.  First I would like to replace my traditional desks with tables to create a more community-based learning environment.  Then the fun part is that students will have the option of HOW they would like to sit.  Options such as ball chairs, bean bag chairs, pillows to kneel on, and balancing stools give students the choice of sitting in a way that they learn best.  Thanks for your time and donations!"
76c4b6ecb05ac55c8127701ab5a61711,Ms.,MI,2016-08-22 14:03:31,Grades 3-5,Music & The Arts,"Music, Performing Arts","My students need reeds, cork grease and repairs on their instruments.",3,1,"\""We're an American (school) Band... Hopefully!\""My students are from a large inner city school district. Most families speak Spanish and English is a second language for most students. The majority of families have an income below poverty level and while the parents want their children to learn instrumental music, they cannot afford the instruments or the supplies. My school has instruments available for the students to use but consumables like reeds and cork grease need to be supplied every year. When their reeds break, I need extra reeds to give them. Usually, the students go through about 2 or more reeds each per year. editThe  students in my school love band and want to play their instruments.  They are able to use school supplied instruments which are in need of repair.  I need to re-cork some of the clarinets and saxophones so that the students are able to use them.  \r\n     The school band is their first introduction to musical instruments and they need supplies to learn. The students need reeds and cork grease each year.  I want them to learn to play an instrument.   The students rush to come to band as it is the favorite class in their day.  They love to play."
bba5478eb2f7c334c63ef3e18b2c8d82,Ms.,MA,2016-12-25 17:50:48,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, History & Civics","Literacy, Social Sciences",My students need amazing picture books to help them learn about Kings and Queens!,24,1,"Help My Kindergarten Students Become Royally Smart With Books!!!!All of my little kindergarten friends receive free lunch and breakfast at school every day, thanks to a grant the school receives. I teach in a low income urban setting filled with English Language learners.   \r\n\r\nMy students' families are hard working, dedicated and devoted parents and grandparents. They represent many different countries and languages and want to see their children get the best start to their educational career. They are just as passionate about their child's education as I am. \r\n\r\nMy amazing little English Language Learning friends face many challenges before they even walk in the door to school. We work hard as a team to create a safe loving environment in which we can learn together. All of my little friends are always so incredibly excited to come to school every day because learning is always different, fun and thrilling in our classroom!\r\nI am so excited!!  This winter my ELL Kindergarten students will be learning about Kings, Queens, Princes and Princesses with our Listening and Learning Engage New York curriculum designed to help build comprehension skills.  I have so many fun projects planned for us during this unit but I need some amazing picture books to go with the projects!  We usually first read the story, then write about the book and finally create a fun project based on the storyline to help build comprehension skills.\r\n\r\nBy donating these books to our classroom you will help my littleKindergarten friends grow and build their basic comprehension skills, something that is vital to the education of all, but especially the type of ELL students that populate my classroom.  These books are very fun and engaging.  They will help my little friends grow their English language vocabulary while studying fun subjects, such as Kings, Queens, Princes and Princesses through literature!\r\nI am so excited for this mix of culturally diverse books to study with!  For example, my little friends will benefit from learning about the story Cinderella from many different cultures perspectives and from a male perspective too!  Thank you so much for reading my proposal and (hopefully) donating to my project!\r\n\r\n\r\n"
c0cd469feb74515a28b6c84a9bdd1675,Ms.,OH,2016-12-12 21:06:49,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literature & Writing, Special Needs",My students need flexible seating to be able to to learn in an environment that is most conducive to their learning needs.,0,1,"Comfy and Cozy in the Classroom!My classroom is full of 56 unique learners, who all learn in their own unique ways. These learners are made up of visual, kinesthetic, and tactile learners who deserve a classroom conducive to their success. \r\nIn our classroom, we encourage and embrace the diversity amongst us. No matter what type of differences we have, we choose to look at them as what makes us each who we are. \r\nAllowing my students to be able to chose their least restrictive learning environment is my number one goal for this project.Because I have had the last five months getting to know these students, and what will enable them to be the best learners they can be, I am sure that flexible seating will ensure that they are able to do this. All 56 of my learners come from different backgrounds, and bring their own unique set of learning needs to the classroom with them. As their teacher, it is my job to do whatever I can to make sure this happens. This flexible seating will allow them to be able to sit around the room, get comfortable, and learn outside of the traditional seat/desk set-up. Right now, we are utilizing carpet squares to try to implement this, but having the yoga balls, stretchy bands, and core discs will only increase their success."
149dce941118a222d3cafab89b0fb2b7,Ms.,SC,2016-11-20 12:09:58,Grades 6-8,"Warmth, Care & Hunger","Warmth, Care & Hunger",My students need team backpacks to complete their TEAM IDENITY and KEEP IT ALL TOGETHER!,32,1,"Team Backpacks...Keeping It All TogetherI teach Pre-Engineering and Motorsports Engineering at a Title I school in South Carolina. All of our students~thats 100%~ receive free breakfast and lunch.  My students enter our classroom every day full of talent, hope and potential.  They are eager to learn, explore and experience and solve real-world problems.  Our race team work hard and in spite of their lack of proper resources, they persist and continue to strive toward their goals.  \r\nDespite many family and community hardships, my students are overflowing with talent and ambition. They know that getting a good education is their key to improving their community and for some, branching out of their community for the first time.\r\n\r\nWe practice every-other-day and sometimes afterschool.  We are increasing the number of competitions we compete in this year and these future engineers need a backpack for travel and competition. Team bags will be the finishing touch, the icing on the cake for the Team Identity portion of our motorsports competitions. My students practice, work, travel and compete as one! So much so, they won 1st place overall in their first competition last year, and 1st place in Teamwork and 3rd Place overall in only their 2nd competition ever!  They have learned that hard work pays off and that every member of the team has a place and purpose on the team. Academics, behavior, citizenship, and character are the priority! These student-engineers are not just aiming to win in racing and motorsports but strive to be WINNERS in life! \r\nAs we advance this competition season, we need your help to LITERALLY keep it all together.  These kids are aiming high and working hard to win their way to NATIONALS! Your support will show that their commitment and hard work is valued! \r\n"
b0e0a42a59726e6ff511c6a3157836c6,Ms.,MS,2017-02-12 21:59:45,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need sets of books to build their reading, writing, and analysis skills, while creating joy through shared experiences and meaningful collaboration.",2,1,"Building Reading Communities: Engaging Young ReadersMy students live in the hometown of BB King, the town where Fannie Lou Hamer was persecuted for registering to vote, and the county over from where Emmett Till was lynched. Just over 60 years ago, my students' grandparents and great-grandparents attended schools that were woefully inadequate and legally segregated. Today, the rise of \""segregation academies\"" and the lack of sufficient funding for our schools--particularly those in high poverty towns, such as ours--mean that my students likewise attend schools that are inadequate and, effectively, still segregated.\r\n\r\nAs a result of the inequities in our school system, many of our students start off the school year hating reading and thinking that reading is an area where they can't be successful. It's our job to change that perception over the course of the year, and getting them engaging books is the best way for this to happen.Traditional English classrooms teach one whole class novel at a time. However, in a classroom with a diverse set of learners, this type of novel study might not meet the needs of all students. Our classes will contain readers whose levels range from a kindergarten or first grade level up to a seventh or eighth grade level. These students are not best served by reading the same texts; they need books near their level in order to maximize their engagement and reading growth.\r\n\r\nLiteracy circles, or \""book clubs,\"" allow students to maintain the community aspect of whole class novel studies, while also focusing on the skills that are the most relevant to them. Each book club reads a book and collaborates on assignments related to the book: written assignments, projects, discussions, and more. This gives them the joy that stems from sharing their reading experiences with their peers. Additionally, all of the book club books tie back to a central theme for the unit--exploration, freedom, social change--which allow the book clubs to be integrated into a cohesive whole class learning experience as well.\r\n\r\nBook clubs supplement whole class novel study. This way, students built literacy skills within both a smaller and a larger community. The themes in the contemporary fiction that we study in book clubs complement the historical themes of the novel study. For example, while studying slavery in history, the whole class will read Nightjohn, a book about a slave learning to read, and individual book clubs will read appropriate leveled books that connect to the themes of freedom and oppression from a modern-day perspective."
72339f5f5da3fdc8cbd0fdc326acd32e,Teacher,GA,2016-09-23 12:38:51,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Applied Sciences,My students need basic lab supplies to conduct chemistry experiments in the classroom.,10,1,"Gram it! We Need Scales!\""All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. All these aspirations are directed toward ennobling man's life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual towards freedom.\""  -Albert Einstein\r\nThe majority of my students are 10th and 11th graders studying honors chemistry in a school that focuses on the fine arts.\r\nOur high school is located in a Title I county which means we have a high population of low income students.  Despite our county's economic disadvantages our school is ranked in the top ten public schools in Georgia for academic achievement and graduation rates.\r\nA reliable digital scale is a  basic necessity in the chemistry classroom.  Students are required to use digital scales before, during and after lab experiments to determine mass, calculate volume, measure changes, and maintain accuracy in lab work.  The use of digital scales, provide students with the necessary tools to demonstrate both accuracy and precision in their data collection and presentation.  Accurate data collection is a critical skill many students need to practice and to apply in a meaningful and purposeful manner.  Your generous donations will replace the old and broken scales that no longer tare or keep accurate measurements."
b9ed29e6e3580f77c299925a1f5f3ac3,Mrs.,NC,2016-12-14 23:17:39,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Character Education, Special Needs",My students need a place they can go to decompress and cool off before they make a bad decision!,0,0,"A HOT new way to COOL down!!!This project is designed to help assist urban children who struggle with behaviors that keep them from being at their best during instructional time, and behaviors that result in suspensions.  \r\nOur population consists of children coming from very low socio-economic status in urban communities.  Some of them are displaced, in foster care, or are living in dismal conditions.  \r\nApproximately 20% of our students in 4th and 5th grade need additional support with self control, impulse control, and practicing positive behaviors.Based on a multitude of struggles, outside of their control, many of our students would benefit from a room where they can go to cool off when they get angry.  This will be a place they can go to deescalate, and relax.  They will only stay for 10-15 minutes, or longer if needed.  We want this to feel like a comfortable and safe place for them to dialogue, reflect, set goals, and set action steps in place to set them up for future success!  Our goal is to support our students, love our students, and teach them to pass it on to others."
43d6a8f532464952c7bd68d1e8db9605,Mrs.,NM,2016-06-01 16:50:37,Grades PreK-2,"Applied Learning, Special Needs","Early Development, Special Needs","My students need Sound Boxes, STEM kits, literacy/math activities with visual supports, and \""hands on\"" activities because my students have Autism and learn by doing.",0,0,"Autism Speaks Through Play! \r\nHelp Us Put Our Pieces Together!All the students in my classroom have Autism. Our school is a small, \""low performing\""  with a large Spanish speaking population. Because our school is small, there is limited funding and resources because funding is based on school population. \r\n\r\nChildren learn through play, including students with Autism.  All my students are learning social skills, expressive and receptive communication, self regulation, as well as, academics through \""play\"" and social interactions! Autism is just one piece of the puzzle. Let's put it together, together!\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nIn my classroom every second is instructional time! I focus on the whole child and use their strengths and interests to design activities and lessons! Students learn through play and social interaction with staff and peers! My students are continuously learning social skills, routine and procedures, social communication, expressive and receptive language, behavior expectations, self regulation skills, in addition to, reading, writing and math. My students are getting their sensory needs meet throughout each day.  As well as, gaining strength in their gross and fine motor skills. \r\n\r\nAll items requested were intentionally chosen to meet my students with Autism interests and educational needs and to create meaningful curriculum that is developmentally appropriate and most importantly fun!"
be8786b4a0f56e8beb28c5aa7409ba29,Mrs.,MI,2017-02-13 18:13:11,Grades 6-8,"Warmth, Care & Hunger","Warmth, Care & Hunger","My students need bars of soap, so they can be fresh and clean at school.",40,1,"Shower Soap Needed for Low-Income TeensI teach at an inner-city school that services many amazing, caring, and wonderful students. Even though most of them live in poverty and have experienced some tough things in their young lives, most of them come to me with a positive attitude to learn and grow. \r\n\r\nMany students are in need of basic essentials most of us take for granted.  Items such as deodorant, toothpaste, toothbrushes, feminine hygiene products, soap, hairspray, and lotion are not always available in their homes.\r\nThese items will help my teenage students living in poverty stay clean and fresh.\r\n\r\nMany of my students don't have basic personal supplies, such as shower soap, at home.  If money is tight, soap is something they may have to go without.\r\nAs my students navigate the world with their changing bodies due to puberty, it is important to teach them how to care for themselves in a socially-acceptable manner. Given the fact many cannot afford these self-care items, it is my hope we can provide items for them. Quite often, teachers will donate items for the kids, but that gets quite expensive."
578e48f550b21964b60ca97aee56d610,Mrs.,LA,2016-09-30 09:54:46,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need 3 iPads with sturdy cases and kid-friendly headphones.,0,1,"I Know Tech-No!I have a class of adorable,  multi-cultural, extremely special, little kindergartners.  In our class, we laugh, we play, and we learn.  My students do not have very much at home.  Most have single-parent households with working moms barely getting by.  \r\nMy students will never receive an iPad for Christmas or birthdays.  Their family life looks a lot different from their more affluent peers. However, they are so happy and so friendly.  They know how to make friends and they are kind to one another.  My students teach me life lessons every day.Since we are now beginning standardized testing on computers and iPads, those students who do not have either at their homes are at a significant disadvantage.  Society has truly now become electronic.  \r\nI want to order 3 iPads with sturdy cases and headphones for my students to begin learning how to manipulate technology.  I want to download free apps that will encourage swipe, copy and paste, and various other commands that simultaneously help with letter and number recognition.  I will rotate the 3 iPads through-out the day with an organized system.  With headphones, no other students will be disturbed while we are working with small groups. I want to expose my little class of kindergartners to as much technology as possible so that they can compete in this electronic age."
f32d18e9adecf8cb7f4ee8a9328fa3f9,Mr.,CA,2016-06-01 11:24:44,Grades 3-5,Health & Sports,"Gym & Fitness, Team Sports",My students need My students lack sufficient physical education equipment badly.,0,0,"Student tournamentMy students are a multi cultural group of highly motivated students who perhaps do not have some of the luxuries of affluent children. Due to recent budget cuts, they lack some necessary supplies and equipment which would help the educational process.  Our school is located in a low socio-economic neighborhood consisting of an African American and Hispanic population. I am trying to give them more opportunities to succeed in a diversified society.  My school is well organized but lack supplies.The students lack the necessary equipment to become involved with this project.  Physical education is a subject which highly motivates the student to become engaged in all subject areas in our school. The better the attendance the better the students do in school.  Getting them there is half of the task for the teacher.  The students are extremely involved in school projects.  They love physical education.  Tournaments are highly motivating as they like to compete with each other.  Basketball along with soccer are the two sports they seemed to enjoy the most.  Basketballs would be extremely useful for the students."
6ee9abbf46d0f916046eca04fb9eddca,Mrs.,IL,2016-08-07 11:13:23,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need a book shelf to store our reading materials and our indoor recess/good behavior activities.,2,1,"Help Organize our New Room!Each and every student is unique and special. There are 13 1st and 2nd grade students with IEPs in my classroom. They need additional help and support in math, writing and reading. Some of the students need specific modifications to be successful in the general education classroom. Each student has specific goals he or she works daily on to meet. \r\nAlthough these students need a little additional support academically, they all have a heart of gold. They want to do their best and please their teachers. They try hard and work harder every day. Their faces light up when they understand something and the big smile that follows is contagious to myself as their teacher.We have moved rooms this year. Last year we had lockers and built in storage. We love our new room, but it has no storage. With two grade levels, we have lots of learning materials. This bookshelf will help us organize our room. We need a place for reading materials, indoor recess activities and our schedule cards. We have the perfect home for the new shelf. \r\nMuch of the furniture, in our room is very used, we make it work, but a new book shelf would add so much excitement to our room. When you walk into our room, the new shelf will be one of the first things you see. I hope we can get our new shelf soon and start the year off organized!"
bf0dc1280fb1bde224814a0b0e349cba,Ms.,CA,2016-07-28 17:09:13,Grades 3-5,"Applied Learning, Literacy & Language","Character Education, Literacy","My students need cozy, clean rugs to sit on during read alouds and class meetings.",1,1,"Classroom Rugs for the Third Graders of Portable EOur school is a small urban school in East Oakland.  The community actively works to support students in all aspects of their identity.  Our students develop academic language skills, critical thinking skills, and social-emotional skills that enable them to be creative problem solvers and caring, passionate leaders.  Many of our students are newcomers to the US and the perseverance they and their families show on a daily basis is inspiring and admirable. These students deserve to have a beautiful classroom with new materials to care for and call their own.Although I'm sure they've gotten a lot of love over the years, the rugs that are currently in my classroom are sad, worn-out, and frayed.  I'd love to have fun and brightly colored new rugs for my students to sit on when we do read alouds, math talks, daily class meetings, and community building activities.  I often find that when students are gathered on the rug for instruction, there is a special and safe feeling that doesn't come as naturally when students are spread out at their desks.  An inviting rug space can make a huge difference aesthetically and helps students feel at home in a new classroom."
388266467c03d4f5366486b129d2df4f,Ms.,TX,2016-08-18 20:52:09,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,"ESL, Literacy","My students need books that they enjoy reading, so that their reading levels improve.",0,1,"Escape to a Great BookThe majority of my students are English language learners. This has not stopped them from achieving what they set out to. Most of the students in the school come from low socioeconomic backgrounds. Despite what they go through in their home lives, I get to see them come to school and act like normal teenagers. \r\n\r\nWhat I love most about my students is how even though they try to act cool, they are always eager for hugs and praise.  Many of them haven't had an easy life, but they all have huge hearts.This is my second year with this group of students. Most of them are English language learners, and many of them are rather far behind the grade level reading that they should be on. My hope is to get a large enough variety of books in my classroom that they can actually enjoy reading. \r\n\r\nReading can help take these kids to a whole other world. This group needs to find a way to enjoy reading, so that they can improve their reading skills. For me, teaching these kids to understand reading is not just about having them pass a state test. If a child can learn to enjoy reading, he or she will be able to take that skill and carry it throughout his or her entire lifetime."
34ab535a0daee278f86941d8abbbda14,Mrs.,KY,2017-04-24 21:11:33,Grades 6-8,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science",My students need the experience of planting and watching seeds grow into plants.,16,1,"Let's Grow!I want my students to know the kindness of others and how important it is to help people everywhere. They come from a tiny community nestled in the mountains. I want them to see beyond our little town. We need basic supplies to keep our learning on track and not delayed searching for these items.\r\n\r\nMy students are sweet, loving kids and get excited about new things in the classroom. They come from a very low-income area, where education is not always the main thing stressed in their lives. I want to give them the opportunities and supplies they need to propel them forward in life.I have one grow lamp in my classroom now and my students have absolutely loved planting seeds and watching them grow.  The only problems is I have so many students that we constantly have to switch out trays to make sure each one gets enough light.  This is why I am asking for the funding to get a four tier plant stand and lights.  This would allow a separate set for each class.\r\n\r\nMy students would love to have a light and stand for each class.  Something as simple as watching tomato plants and marigold seeds grow has brought so much excitement to each student as they walk into the classroom each day.  The students can't wait to check their plants and see how tall they are getting."
4d6da0a881c364f035f750f264b3b7ff,Mrs.,TX,2017-04-08 20:00:03,Grades 3-5,"Warmth, Care & Hunger","Warmth, Care & Hunger",My students need snacks to eat through the day and to take home at night to help them stay focus.,26,1,"Healthy Snacks Enhance Academic SuccessMy classroom, as well as my school, is culturally diverse. We celebrate diversity with open arms. My students are awesome and filled with amazing energy and enthusiasm. They work hard and are natural learners with keen powers of observation and an eye for important details. \r\n\r\nSnacks play a major and growing role in childrens diets.  My goal  is to  educate, cultivate, and inspire the whole child through a balance approach of best educational practices, and nutritional support. This project is a great way to engage my students in academical learning and provide much needed healthy snacks. Many children are very hungry at the end of the school day.  A snack at the right time between meals prevents major hunger pangs and gives students an energy boost to keep them studying and playing hard at school.\r\nServing healthy snacks to children is important to providing good nutrition, supporting lifelong healthy to children in the classroom. Many of my students go without a snack through the day and are hungry. It is very hard to concentrate and remain focused when you are hungry. A nutritious snack would help my students during the day.\r\nKids who eat healthier and move more perform better in school. Studies show that healthy kids get better grades, attend school more often and behave better in class. We now know that making time for physical activity and nutrition in school is not a break from academics; its an investment in higher academic performance.\r\nMy students would be very thankful for the opportunity to snack and learn daily skills in class. A well-timed snack can even out spikes in hunger and provide a much-needed energy boost between meals."
9b1f2e88a797663d26ad576de0f99abc,Mr.,OH,2016-08-07 18:29:37,Grades PreK-2,Math & Science,Mathematics,"My students need technology that will enhance their learning and make reading fun, and Leap pads will do just that.",3,1,"Leap Into Learning!Our very diverse school serves students in grades 1-3 through rigorous academics in a safe and caring learning environment. Our students come from low economic backgrounds with 100% of them receiving free lunch. My students are special because even with the difficult lives many of them have, they have grit and they come to school ready to learn. The technology in my classroom needs to be exciting in order to give my 2nd graders something to look forward to each day. They deserve every possible opportunity to succeed.The LeapPad is a great device for any subject. Leappad will allow my students to learn while having fun! LeapReader is exactly what my classroom is missing. As a teacher, it is a daily challenge to help 24 students read independently each day. With this tool, not only will my students receive the additional support they need, but they will also gain confidence in their reading. This device will allow me to spend more uninterrupted quality time with individual students while other students are simultaneously working on the leap pads. As a teacher of young children, the additional support will be invaluable."
cf92b7e419accdc6cc47429c9aa71052,Mrs.,TX,2016-08-04 21:58:35,Grades PreK-2,"History & Civics, Math & Science","Financial Literacy, Mathematics","My students need Chromebooks for QuickBooks practice, budgeting activities and S.T.E.M. inquiry projects.",8,1,"Play Money and Coins Only Scratch Surface of Financial LiteracyThe best way to describe our unique North Texas economic community is to compare it to a donut.   In the middle is a small area of great wealth surrounded by a ring of communities struggling with poverty as an everyday reality.  This challenging mix of poverty and incredible wealth creates an opportunity for change.  \r\nThose who have financial resources can help educators teach financial literacy to the next generation of entrepreneurs.  In our particular part of the donut the demographics tell their own number story: 98% minority student body, 89% economically disadvantaged. Yet, we are more than a number.  We are families who know each other outside of the classroom, students who grow up and graduate from the same school where they went to Kindergarten, teachers who work for less than average pay for a goal - to completely CLOSE the achievement gap between students, regardless of their ethnic or socio-economic background, while ensuring that 100% of our students graduate and enroll in college. \r\nThat's us.  Hope in the heartland of Dallas. A chance for change. \r\nThese Chromebooks will give our scholars regular and dependable access to the technological tools they need to become financially literate.  Currently our four classroom Chromebooks allow scholars to have 30 minutes of computer time for research and data manipulation every two weeks. More computers mean more dependable access to Quick Books, Budgeting Games and S.T.E.M.(Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) inquiry projects.\r\nData handling is integrated into the six Units of Inquiry that frame our year of learning. Scholars will be able to organize data and present their findings with the technological tools that they will use in real life situations."
403a24e49ffc91491ee4f1614b64875f,Mrs.,CA,2017-01-06 22:03:53,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need a Chromebook computer to help build their skills before they enter middle and high school and are expected to have these skills.,6,1,"Bringing Technology to our Classroom!A typical day in my classroom involves high expectations, learning, and laughing! I want my students to feel successful by the end of the year. The challenges we face are attendance issues and language issues.\r\n\r\nMy students are second language learners who are capable but don't know it. They are sweet and work hard to understand topics. My school is a place where the students feel safe to learn. They often don't want to leave on breaks because it is a consistent place for them. The students will work hard when they know that they are cared about.\r\n\r\nI am hoping to be awarded a Chromebook computer for my classroom.  I have 32 fifth graders who will go on to a middle school with access to many Chromebooks. The students will be expected to use these materials, and I want a hand in showing them the way.\r\n\r\nI don't want to hold my kids back by not allowing them access to such important technology.The class does reports, power points, reading practice, math games, and everyday research on these devices. The students love them and are very good with them. They actually teach me a lot! \r\n\r\nThese computers are probably the most used learning material in my classroom. I love my kids and want the best for them, and in this day and age computers and technology are it!"
e541a113d749bb8823f28dd3307c46d0,Ms.,CO,2017-04-24 14:42:44,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing","My students need sticky note, notepad, stapler, staples and other classroom supplies.",46,0,"Supplies to Help Us Rise!Our school is a dual language community school that serves ECE through sixth grade students. We provide a rigorous bilingual academic program that prepares all of our students for global citizenship in the 21st century. In the school, we have 97% of the student population who participate in free and reduced lunch program. Student demographics consist of 91% Latino/Hispanic, 4% Black, 3% White, and 2% Asian. My students love to learn and have the desire to learn at the beginning of their day. My students struggle with reading. They strive to grow as readers each and every day.My students need help with reading. I use a program called Level Literacy Instructions to help teach small group reading. This programs requires a great deal of planning and copying. I have to print up pictures and words for each lesson as well as running records for every other lesson. \r\nIt is hard to keep organized for all my groups and lessons each day without out the proper tools for organization. I need the heavy duty staplers to staple packets of work and materials together.  I send books home each night for reading and use the sticky note for parents to sign off on their reading each night.  I will use the binder clips to clip copied materials that I need to keep separate but organize and also I will use the clips to displace work.  My students will use the pens and notepad to practice writing."
6a35a7514005c04f8520e5d8f7657d91,Mrs.,ID,2016-11-17 21:52:45,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Music & The Arts","Literature & Writing, Visual Arts","My students need markers, drawing pads, an iPad case and incentives to make learning fun and exciting!",154,1,"First Graders Love Art!My students are dreamers, problem solvers, and likely the most creative little people you will ever meet. \r\n\r\nThey are a happy group of first graders that love school, and they love to learn. One hundred percent of our school qualifies for free breakfast and lunch, yet they don't let hardships stand in their way of learning. My students' economic situations are just as varied as are their family dynamics. We have military families, with a local National Guard Unit in our area and Hill Air Force Base close by. We aim to take good care of our military families. Our district includes an Indian Reservation and we have a high population of Hispanic students, many of whom have family members that work in the agricultural industry.I was able to provide my students Drawing Pads last year, and I am really missing that. The children love to draw and having their own pad makes them feel special and important. It helps them to do their very best. There are lots of drawing lessons online, and they are easy and fun to access.\r\n\r\nThe markers will also be used for drawing.\r\nIt will be nice to give each student their own marker.  We are short one iPad case, and we want to keep our iPads protected. We use them every day for math and reading. The nameplates will be used on the student desks. The candy will be used sparingly, but sometimes young children will do anything for a treat, and I think they deserve it. We have a couple of beanbag chairs that need some refill beads to keep them in tip top shape for the children as they use them daily. I just know that my students will look forward to coming to school each day and working hard, so they can earn some drawing time and other incentives in this project."
703f04e13866a6de095d3b7b62132e1f,Mr.,CA,2016-09-02 13:33:12,Grades 9-12,Special Needs,Special Needs,My students need a classroom projector to accommodate their special needs for a variety of video-based lesson plans.,0,1,"A.B.L.E. - Projecting the future!The students in my classroom are students with learning and emotional disabilities.  Many of them have experienced trauma in their lives and have difficulty coming to school. Our classes serve students with a range of disabilities, including intellectual disabilities, emotional disturbance, autism spectrum disorder and specific learning disabilities. The typical student in my class reads at a 1st to 2nd grade level and many struggle with basic phonics and number sense.  \r\n     We no longer have a classroom budget available for us to use but are expected to deliver excellent instruction in English, math, and a wide array of life skills.   My students are highly motivated to learn through electronic technology.  I am excited about the opportunities this type of technology provides as a way to positively interact and impact my students in this day and age.\r\n     In my class we focus on providing as many real-life, hands-on functional academic, community-based and recreational activities to ensure that each student makes a smooth transition from school to post-secondary community involvement at a place of employment or day program that fits their specific needs with as little disruption as possible.Having a projector in our classroom will provide a much needed visual learning tool for my high school students who are primarily visual learners.  They are students with moderate to severe learning disabilities who are preparing for life after high school.\r\n     The projector will be used to give lessons for independent living skills such as:  vocational preparation, building resumes, workplace readiness, cooking in class, cleaning, self care, technology, money management, transportation, and many other important lessons.\r\n     My students really flourish with the use of video technologies.  This projector will help them gain interest in many educational lessons that will benefit their futures."
b3bd1026fe14583d543ee3fd4c352fc6,Mrs.,FL,2016-08-20 15:30:49,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need laptops in order to engage in differentiated learning activities.,0,1,"Laptops in the Classroom to Support Differentiated InstructionOur classroom is a part of a Title 1 school that currently has 78% of its students receiving free or reduced lunches. The community that our school serves is composed of a diverse racial and ethnic population. Our school also serves students that reside at a local nonprofit childrens home. The student population in my classroom is also diverse. It consists of nonEnglish speaking, special education, and gifted students. Adding additional technology to our classroom would help to ensure that students are receiving the differentiated instruction needed to meet all of their varying educational needs.These laptops will help to support the blended learning that takes place in my classroom in order to meet the diverse educational needs of my students. The laptops will serve as a tool to help engage students at all levels of instruction. Students will be engaged in various technological learning activities ranging from research projects to the remediation of unlearned skills. The technological engagement of these students will allow me the opportunity to work face to face with small groups of students in order to provide the well rounded education that this diverse educational population needs in order to be successful."
e7bed9c6ace8616c63a23f787b2614df,Mrs.,SC,2016-08-08 11:28:45,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need to listen to books read fluently and with expression to become better readers. This listening center will provide my students the ability to listen to books aloud without being restricted with cords!,1,1,"Becoming Better Readers Through Listening!My students are young and excited to learn! They are 6 and 7 year old first graders who love school and are excited to be here each day! They are beginning readers and learning to read fluently and with expression. It is good for them to have a model to help in their reading process. Thank you for your help in improving their reading success this year and many years to come! Happy 2016-2017 school year at Hunt Meadows Elementary!I currently have an older listening center where students have multiple cords that get tangled. We spend too much time trying to untangle cords or get the volume working. Many of the headphones have low volume and the students are unable to hear the book being read aloud. \r\n\r\nThis listening center will provide students the ability to get right to the task at hand when they begin their center! Students will be able to adjust their volume and not have to worry about untangling cords. I will also be able to use a mp3, cassette or cd which opens up a wide variety of possibilities."
3adbca7c9dd46cd0c68910573b392d81,Mrs.,CA,2016-09-01 03:50:40,Grades PreK-2,Special Needs,Special Needs,"My students need a laminating machine to help create pictures of themselves, other people, and important objects to help increase vocabulary and familiarity.",2,1,"Educational Games and Supplies Help Us Learn!My students are special needs pre-school children from ages 3 to 4 years old. They are excited and ready to be experiencing their first year of school and the challenges and opportunities presented to them. I currently have only 4 students, but I will continue to receive more students as the year goes on.\r\n\r\nMy students are ready to soak up the exciting new things they will learn in school. However, they need help accessing the curriculum as they learn differently than many neurotypical children. Visual aids and hands-on activities will help them to be more engaged and to better understand and retain the academics and social skills we teach.My students are curious and open to learning, but they need more visual and tactile tools to access the vocabulary and concepts we teach them. Hands-on games will help them develop motor skills and focus, and stamps and other art supplies will help them learn colors and shapes. \r\n\r\nMy classroom has very few supplies. We need age appropriate books, educational games, stamp pads, playdough, playdough toys, and toys to help develop coordination. We also need a laminating machine so that we can have laminated pictures of the children, staff members, and other concepts that the children can see and touch to build vocabulary, familiarity, and cognitive reasoning."
d719b5ae3425705530eb1c2ab615f50f,Mrs.,SC,2016-08-17 17:42:37,Grades PreK-2,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need iPads for literacy stations to practice phonological and phonemic awareness!,0,1,"iPads Needed in Kindergarten!My students come into the classroom everyday so excited and ready to learn!  Our school is located is a rural area where 80% of the students in my room receive free or reduced lunch.  Despite the variation of economical situations represented in my room, our classroom community is strong and supportive. My students love to utilize the technology in our classroom, but sadly we do not have enough!  My students love to use the smart board, desktop computers, and our one classroom iPad to play educational games. We would love to have access to more technology so my students can continue to explore and learn!Technology is not only a big part of our world outside of the classroom, but it also greatly enhances the learning experience for students. Students will use these iPads to play and learn from engaging educational apps and websites. This technology will be utilized daily in my classroom!  While using technology with little ones, anything can happen. Therefore, protective cases are extremely necessary to save the equipment from accidents. During literacy stations students will transition between two teacher assisted small group lessons while one group of students utilize the iPads and desktops for learning games. Students will benefit from using the technology to practice phonemic and phonological awareness that is crucial for young readers!"
d03b5c4060f36054ac335837cff1de5d,Ms.,SD,2016-12-26 21:01:38,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Applied Learning","Literacy, Other",My students need the tools that will help them become successful in today's society.,1,1,"Teaching with TechnologyThis is my first year in this position, unfortunately as a new teacher, we do not receive any extra funding. Our school is going into it's second year of being opened and it is difficult to receive all the necessary supplies. I worked with these students last year in technology and know they are enthusiastic about learning. \r\nThey are engaged and excited to become lifelong learners. They are heartfelt, caring, and imaginative. \r\nTheir minds are eager to use technology and take charge of their own learning.The Ipads will be used on a DAILY basis in our classroom. Our technology time is limited and the apps and uses we can master right now are limited. \r\nBy getting the Ipads for my classroom, the students have the opportunity to become leaders in their learning. \r\nThey will use the Ipads to make portfolios to share with other students and their parents of their work using apps like Class Dojo and Seesaw. They will lead discussions on their work and how they got to their answers by taking pictures and creating images that express their thinking. They will become stronger readers by using apps like Teach Your Monster to Read. \r\nThank you for considering donating to our project. I have a special place in my heart for technology in the classroom and want to emphasize my technology minor and share my knowledge with the students in my classroom."
4237543af9eb6b59404be4b98774fc04,Mrs.,GA,2016-05-08 14:48:18,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,Mathematics,My students need access to technology through the use of Chromebooks.,0,1,"INTERACTIVE MATHA teacher's job is never complete. I strive to push my students to soak up a the knowledge they can. By allowing them to explore and problem solve, they will be equip with life skills that are essential.The students in my class come from very diverse backgrounds. While some have access to enriching opportunities outside the classroom, a lot of them don't. I want to help all students, no matter their background or readiness level, to be able to have access to materials that will encourage them to seek innovative ways to solve problems.With your help in providing the requested materials, my students will have opportunities to use innovative technology to access materials that will be both entertaining and enriching. They will be able to utilize the technology to solve QR code activities, collaborative with peers and teacher through the use of google tools, and participate in problem based learning projects.Students that normally are not able to participate will have to opportunity to access some of the enriching materials. This will improve their academics and build confidence skills."
e5994c954492625f1f3d4c0b7f459b81,Mrs.,OH,2016-05-05 08:57:36,Grades 3-5,"Math & Science, Special Needs","Mathematics, Special Needs",My students need Math Centers to help build math fluency and understanding in a hands on manner,30,1,"Math MattersAlbert Einstein stated, \""I never teach my pupils, I only provide the conditions in which they can learn.\"" I truly believe that being a successful teacher is not about what you say, instead it is about creating an atmosphere in which students become curious and take ownership of their own learning.This year I moved to a third grade and am excited for the opportunity to have my own classroom and really invest in one set of students. Since I have taught in this school district the past two years, I have had the privilege of having this third grade class already in my STEAM class. These students are full of life and ready to learn. My class has 28 students who regardless of ability strive to succeed everyday!My students love our intervention centers, and are very excited about expanding our centers to provide more opportunities to support their areas of need. These center resources will be used primarily during my intervention time in math for independent and small group working centers. This time during our math lesson is used to target specific student needs and help support their strengths. These centers will allow me to work in small groups or one-on-one in order to address needs, while keeping the rest of the class busy with meaningful activities. These center games and practice folders and cards will provide these students engaging ways to continue practicing  math skills to improve their math knowledge and build upon concepts taught in class.With your donation, you will provide students a chance to continue improving their math skills while I provide intervention to students who need lack the fundamental skills. Math is like a building block and when a child lacks the foundations in math it is hard to master new skills. As we all know, having strong math skills are central to success in our world and by continually providing opportunities in different formats will give each and every one of my students a chance to succeed."
02e9bbc5a3da66900cfd9a43ade96b80,Ms.,NY,2016-08-25 15:22:39,Grades 6-8,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","ESL, Special Needs","My students need a Macbook Air to serve as the primary instructional laptop for its speed, shortcuts, and seamless syncing with other classroom devices.",19,1,"New Air For Our Classroom ComputingMy ELLs, or English Language Learner students, are laughter-inducing, young pre-teens juggling the terrors of adolescence in a big school. While some are brand new immigrants, many are also U.S.-born students who come from limited English homes or have learning disabilities that interfere with their academic progress.\r\n\r\nMastering social and academic English does not come easily to my students, nor for their hard-working, limited English proficient parents who often try to keep their children on track for learning, but must rely on us teachers and the school to fill in many gaps they struggle with themselves.\r\n\r\nMy classroom instruction currently outpaces the capabilities of the school provided classroom laptop. When creating lessons with my personal Mac laptop, I often capture screenshots of key info, customize handouts in a photo editor, and modify letters home in multiple languages by switching keyboards. These are all tasks that simply take more time using the older PCs available in our building. My iPhone/iPad savvy students also live and breathe Apple products, and they teach me new tricks that help them decode text or look up research information. My students are ready for the 21st century, so their primary classroom computer should be too.\r\n\r\nWith the right gadgets, less time is lost waiting on outdated software or fiddling with deteriorating hardware, and more time is gained for computers to serve as wide open doorways to extended learning they can be."
ba3cbd9abdfb9e21cd8fe27dee8c86e6,Teacher,MN,2016-09-25 13:47:06,Grades PreK-2,Health & Sports,Health & Wellness,My students need a quiet place in my classroom to calm their bodies and minds so they can return to classroom activities ready to learn.,0,1,"A Quiet Place for MindfulnessI have the joy of spending my days with a roomful of energetic kindergarteners.  We are a school that is very diverse culturally, socio-economically, and in academic preparedness.  I have students who speak a different language at home.  I have students who do not have a place to call home.  \r\n\r\nRegardless of differences, I want all of my students to feel safe, loved, and valued as an important part of our classroom community.  We strive to find the ways we are similar and celebrate the connections we can make, while valuing our differences.  \r\n\r\nWe have just started kindergarten.  My students are coming together as a community of learners.  We have just created our classroom rules and now are beginning to think about a space to help us when we need to regain self control.  My students noticed we didn't really have a space - that is how this project idea was started.  \r\n\r\nMy students want to create a quiet space in our classroom where they can go to calm their body and regain control.  Students who sense their bodies need quiet or calm movement can use this space proactively.  I will also ask students to use the space when they need to do some self-regulation to get back on track for our classroom activity.  The space will be almost enclosed to increase the feeling of safety and to give some privacy.  Students will have fidgets to help calm and regroup.  I will include visuals about breathing techniques we all know.  There will also be yoga cards and a yoga mat for students to use in the calming space for full body movement that will help students regain calm.\r\n\r\nMy students love engaging and learning through books that we share together.  Books that teach mindfulness and calming techniques will help give my students ideas on how to self-regulate their bodies and minds.  This is a life long skill that my students can use at school and at home.  \r\n\r\nI believe by creating this quiet, mindful space in my classroom and by teaching and reading about mindfulness, I will be giving my students tools they will use every day to keep their minds and bodies healthier."
1d568ca6562715d13baa0cf0ce4f32c5,Mrs.,FL,2016-07-25 22:36:41,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,Health & Life Science,My students need basic classroom supplies and materials in order to begin a successful school year and maintain classroom organization.,0,0,"First Year Teacher Looking to Make an Impact!I want to create a learning space where high academic expectations are the standard, to encourage a hunger within my students to meet those expectations. Your help will give them the tools they need to become scientists. I want to cultivate their innate desire to succeed academically by designing exciting experiments and creating a hands-on learning approach. \r\n\r\nMy students need basic classroom supplies to give them the freedom to learn.  These students live in Overtown, a historically black community that was founded during Jim Crow laws where the average household income is $19,049, 64% lower than the national average. This high needs urban community lies within a state that is 41st in the country for per-pupil funding with 91% of all students requiring free or reduced lunch. About 40% of the student population is learning English as a second language. Unfortunately my students can't always afford school supplies for the year.As a new teacher, I want to create an environment where scientific inquiry is the star, rather than an environment focused on supplies students dont have or materials they cant afford. Your contribution will give students the freedom to explore the biological world around them, to become bold biologists equipped with the tools to inquire and discover the world around them. \r\n\r\nThis project will give our students the opportunity to focus on their studies without the burden of obtaining schools supplies hanging over their heads. My hope is that by having a beautifully decorated classroom, full of supplies that my students can use all year long, I will create an place where my students will love to learn in."
7249906a5169b432e66de1801b9a1551,Ms.,SD,2016-10-11 15:59:32,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics","My students need flexible seating options. These seats will give students an opportunity to move and wiggle during the day, while still focusing on their learning. Thank you for helping us!",0,1,"Flexible Seating for Flexible LearnersI have 29 high-energy, loving students this year! We enjoy being together each day! My students are diverse come from a variety of backgrounds. Our socioeconomic status varies greatly from student to student. We all have unique learning styles and it is my job to reach all of them each and everyday. It is a challenge, but I am up for it!\r\n I have the privilege of being their teacher and am so excited for the opportunity each day! I learn just as much from them as they learn from me.The students come in the classroom each day ready to learn! However, sitting still at their desk does not work well for their brains! Having flexible seating options, like wiggle seats and wiggle cushions will allow students the chance to incorporate movement into our day. They will be able to learn and grow and stay engaged in our lessons and work time. Students should not be expected to spend all day at their desk and having flexible seating will give them some movement. \r\nI look forward to the students using the flexible seating each and every day in the classroom. Thank you!"
55f52e9e962a2e0d5f55583da5a0d623,Mrs.,FL,2016-10-06 18:48:46,Grades PreK-2,"Health & Sports, Special Needs","Health & Wellness, Special Needs","My students need indoor active play materials such as a numbers and counting get moving kit, spin disk, balance beams, Hokki stools, and lets get moving activity mats.",42,1,"Rainy Day Action PlayMy students come to school wanting to learn and be loved by everyone that they meet. Most of my students come from very low income households, and many do not have the necessary skills that they need in order to learn. We work very hard in our classroom to help the students overcome any obstacles that they come with and help prepare them for kindergarten and beyond. A lot of the skills we focus on are in socialization, cooperation, language, and motor skills.It rains a lot here in Florida and that keeps us from our playground because it's a giant sandbox. Since we spend a lot of time indoors, I try to keep my students as active as possible. This is hard due to our lack of indoor active play materials. \r\n\r\nMy students really enjoy educational active play games because it gives them a purpose and it makes me happy to see them learn while they play and have fun. I asked my students what materials they thought they would need to stay active inside our classroom for at least 60 minutes each day and they all said games. We spent some time in discussion to determine what types of games they wanted that would promote activity. My students voted on our top choices in order to create this project. We chose the activity mats to use with our favorite songs. The students will complete their given exercise when the music stops and continue until they've completed all the exercises. The get moving numbers and counting activity will be a great addition to our math activities and will help them learn numbers while they get some physical activity in. Since I do teach special needs students, the spin disk will be used for my wiggly students during group time or small group to allow them the chance to work out their wiggled and keep their brains active throughout the day, as will the Hokki stools. The balance beam was the top voted item among my students and will be great in strengthening their balance and coordination."
52174ed1b3f4c48324123af984ae1628,Mrs.,MO,2016-07-08 14:29:24,Grades 6-8,Applied Learning,Other,"My students need snacks so they can stay focused on their work, and not how hungry they feel.",0,1,"Mrs. B's Snack DrawerThe majority of my students come from low-income families, and are living with some difficult life situations. They have faced such issues as living in foster care, parents who are incarcerated, and the death of a caregiver, which left them with little to no support from family. \r\n\r\nThey carry these heavy burdens with them as they enter school each day. Before learning can begin, I typically have many personal issues to help them through. Even though they have a multitude of things to deal with, they manage to be loving, caring people who truly want to be at school. (They will only rarely admit this.) My students are sad when we leave for a long break from school. \r\n\r\nI strive to teach them through hands-on, authentic life experiences. Last year we learned a great deal through cooking lessons together. Part of struggling with income is having little exposure to travel and experiences outside your own neighborhood. It's hard to assimilate new information when you have little life experience to draw on.My students are able to enjoy a free breakfast in my classroom. This is provided because we have such a high population of low-income families. Unfortunately, this breakfast does not always keep teenagers full until lunch. I then have the same problem after lunch. We come back into class, and students are hungry either because lunch was unappealing (they are not just being picky), or they just didn't get enough to eat.\r\n\r\nStudents happily check what I have in the snack drawer daily. At first, some were a little embarrassed to ask me. I made it clear the drawer is for times you are hungry and can't focus because of that hunger. They do not abuse it. I have been happily filling the drawer, but the expense really started to add up for me. \r\n\r\nAfter seeing how much they appreciate it, and need the daily snack, I do not have the heart to discontinue it."
0419abf63a198941d55818866c00e5e2,Mrs.,CT,2017-04-19 10:26:52,Grades 9-12,Applied Learning,Other,"My students need new cooking equipment that have lids, etc as we have been using pots and pans that are 30+ years old that do not have all of the parts.",0,1,"Food Is Essential To Life!My students are incredibly hard working and passionate. They come into class every day ready to work and explore. Most of these students have known each other since kindergarten as we are a small school district. It is a tight-nit group that really care about each other.\r\nThese students enjoy making food and sharing it with everyone they know. My classroom ends up looking like someone's dining room, full of conversation and good food. It makes me want to share my passion of cooking with them and watching each student have that \""ah-ha\"" moment is incredible.These materials will help my students greatly. Right now, we are very innovative in making what we have useful. We use five different kitchen set ups and have groups of 4 work in each kitchen. Most of the time students are struggling to find what they need in order to cook in the correct pot and pan. We have mismatched sets that do not have lids. Students have had pots that the handle breaks off in their hand. So embarassing.\r\nHaving this new equipment will help make labs run more smoothly and allow us to do different project since we will have the right equipment."
1a7698593b9e8c9acb8c4be9f599849e,Mrs.,IN,2017-01-09 12:05:49,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literature & Writing, Mathematics",My students need nice working headphones and technology for research projects.,1,1,"Tables and Headphones Help with Center Work.As a fourth grade teacher at a low-income, high-poverty school, with students that struggle not only in the classroom, but at home. They come to me excited to learn and longing for more.\r\n\r\nMy goal, as a teacher, is to give every student in the classroom the opportunity I can to succeed in the classroom.\r\n\r\n I love watching my students thirst for the knowledge that is all around them.  Our classroom is filled with teamwork and a longing for technology.Many of my students come to the classroom with huge deficits in reading and math skills. With the help of the tablet, students can have access to many hands-on learning apps and access to research sites. These apps allow students to access endless possibilities to increase their chances for success in life.\r\n\r\n    Having access to different kinds of technology is no longer a luxury, but a necessity in our high-tech world.\r\n\r\nThis tablet will be used during literacy centers to help reinforce reading skills being taught in the classroom, but also in math centers supporting our new math adoption. With a limited amount of computer in our school, there are endless learning possibilities giving more students a chance to use of these computers in our classroom."
fcb45fa9e704189b164018da296aae1f,Mrs.,TX,2016-07-19 23:40:09,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,"Literacy, Literature & Writing",My students need Chromebooks to help them with research for various projects.  They will also be used daily in online computer programs for reading and math.  The books will be read daily in stations.,0,1,"Building Our Reading Skills Book by ChromebookWe have a diverse group of students at Short Elementary.  Short Elementary is a title 1 school and has many students who need as many resources as possible.  They are hardworking, friendly, and very sweet students. However, due to circumstances they do not have as many opportunities at home to be exposed to engaging activities. My hope is to provide them as much as possible at school.\r\n\r\nThey love to read and learn through fun and engaging activities.  They are eager to learn everyday.  I know that through this program my students will be given more opportunities to reach their goals for this coming school year.\r\n\r\nThis is my first year teaching 3rd grade.  I have resources for 1st and 2nd grade, but I am greatly lacking resources for my 3rd graders. Please help me provide meaningful resources for my students.\r\n\r\nLet's make their learning rich and meaningful together! My desire is for my students to use the Chromebooks daily in stations through various reading and math programs that promote vocabulary skills, spelling skills, comprehension skills, and problem solving skills.  They will use Chromebooks to do research as well.  Also, my students will be given daily opportunities to read the various books in a Daily 5 rotation."
d8d971faef194480b06f846dc429b814,Ms.,FL,2016-08-28 14:18:22,Grades 3-5,"Literacy & Language, Special Needs","Literacy, Special Needs",My students need bouncy bands so their wiggle around while practicing their fluency and comprehension.,6,1,"Wiggle While You Work!My VE students are all included in a general education classroom setting.  There is approximately 50 students that will be able to benefit from having the option of trying out new sensory related accommodations for learning.  Many times my students are a distraction to others as well as themselves.  I want to be able to offer alternative ways that may be helpful in keeping the students in the classroom learning with their peers, instead of being pulled away one- on- one.Bouncy Bands for Chairs help students move while they work. Children enjoy bouncing their feet and feeling the tension to relieve their anxiety, hyperactivity, frustration, or boredom.\r\nThe support pipes attach to the Bouncy Band to prevent them from slipping off the chair legs and becoming a nuisance.  \r\nTeachers love how Bouncy Bands for Chairs are quiet and don't disturb or distract other students. Bouncy Bands are 100% safe. They are latex free and since children put their feet on the front two legs, it prevents them from leaning backwards (and falling). The quick reads books promote comprehension with fluency."
566ba1ae8459f23b74088bd6991adbd1,Mr.,IL,2017-02-26 18:53:37,Grades 9-12,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need GoPro Cameras to enhance an under-water robotics unit so that they can better understand topics such as depth and pressure, buoyancy, motors, and circuits.",3,0,"Underwater Cameras to Improve our Underwater RoboticsThe students at my school come from the Southwest Side of Chicago.  The demographics of the students at my school are approximately 95% Hispanic, primarily from Mexico, 4% African American and 1% White.  Ninety-six percent of the student population at my school receive free and reduced lunch.  \r\n\r\nDespite the socioeconomic hardships that many of my students face, they work hard and outperform many of their peers in other schools around the Chicago.   As a result, my school and the students in it have been ranked among one of the top schools in Chicago, competing with selective enrollment and magnet schools.My students will be working on an under-water robotics unit as a result of funding from another source. This unit will allow my students to understand topics in science such as the relationship between the depth underwater and hydro-static pressure, buoyancy, motors, circuits and propellers.\r\n\r\nThese cameras will improve my students learning experience by putting them in the perspective of the robot as it maneuvers through the search and rescue course.\r\nThe cameras will allow students to see their depth gauges at work and watch as their object retrieval arms operate. With these observations, students will be able to apply their engineering skills to iterate and improve on their designs."
51ca6dd5dacdbae1eff72fbae58b5f7a,Ms.,WA,2017-03-28 13:52:58,Grades PreK-2,"Literacy & Language, Math & Science","Literacy, Mathematics",My students need two iPads and protective cases to enhance their learning experiences in kindergarten.,15,1,"iPad Fun in Kindergarten!My kindergarten class is full of energetic students, who are ready and eager to learn. They are very curious and love challenges. One of my goals is to provide all students with the confidence to be the best that they can be and encourage them to be lifelong learners. \r\n\r\nKindergarten is all about watching each child grow, learn and discover new things each and every day.\r\n\r\nHaving the right materials is a MUST. Benjamin Franklin said, \""Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.\"" How true that is in kindergarten!The iPads will be used in various ways during the course of the kindergarten day. There are an amazing number of applications that can be downloaded in all curricular areas. These apps will enable me to create individualize plans for students whether it be for practice, remediation or enrichment. During our literacy block, students can be working on letter identification, sound recognition, sight words, reading or listening to a book, writing stories, drawing pictures to go along with their stories or even taking pictures to illustrate their stories. In math, students can practice these skills: counting by ones, twos, fives and tens, practice addition and subtraction skills and place value, just to name a few. While in science, students can use the iPads to record the changing seasons by capturing these changes by camera. I look forward to finding additional ways my students can use the iPads to enhance their learning. Having cases to protect the iPads is a must with kindergarteners! \r\n\r\nHaving these iPads to use in my classroom will motivate my students to practice and learn the skills they need to reach their full potential."
b32dc740bbb6df1f074b10526f500f13,Mrs.,CA,2017-04-08 00:23:52,Grades 3-5,Special Needs,Special Needs,"My students need flexible seating options to assist with sensory integration in the classroom, which will help them achieve optimal learning.",0,1,"Please Take a Seat!As if it isn't hard enough to be a student facing the rigor of common core, imagine doing so with a learning disability, autism, and/or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Imagine walking into a classroom full of your peers, feeling like you can never quite measure up to them, not because they tell you so, but because you know that what may come easy to them is so hard for you.\r\n\r\nEvery child, despite what they may believe, CAN LEARN! They just need an environment in which their needs can be addressed and met. Despite their personal challenges, our students arrive in our classroom every day with a smile and a hug for us, and a desire to walk out of our room each afternoon having learned something new.  They are learning to embrace a growth mindset, even with frustrations and obstacles. Our students are so full of life, and they do want so badly to learn. Every advantage we can provide them will only help them to realize what amazing potential they have...and that they CAN realize that potential!\r\n\r\n\r\nWe all know students with disabilities struggle with academics and sometimes behavior, but many people don't realize that sensorimotor issues can create significant challenges for these students. Sitting in a rigid chair at a desk or table throughout the instructional day is next to impossible for my students. They are in constant motion, wiggling, rocking, kneeling and squatting on their seats, and standing up at random times. Flexible seating options like balance balls, wobble stools, and floor cushions will help my students to better regulate their bodies so that they are prepared to participate in the learning process.\r\n\r\nStudents who cannot sit still are not bored or \""hyperactive\"", but rather, are doing whatever they can to bring a sense of calm and balance to their bodies.  Traditional seating is uncomfortable for my students, and so instead of focusing their minds, they are spending all of their mental energy trying to focus and calm their bodies. Flexible seating options will help remove that obstacle so they can get down to the business of success!"
afd76a47ba631c919b3fc04d4e988da8,Ms.,MS,2016-09-01 06:16:20,Grades 3-5,Literacy & Language,Literacy,My students need pillows and storage bins to make our reading center comfortable and organized.,5,1,"Making Reading Comfortable and OrganizedA typical day in my reading class is spent in small groups, with part of that time in our reading center. That is our problem, it is not very inviting or comfortable. We need help!\r\n\r\nMy students are a great group of hard working third graders who love reading.\r\n\r\nThey are constantly asking for new books and time to read either on their own or with a friend. My school is a Title 1 school made up of prekindergarten through fourth grade students.My students will use the pillows in our existing reading center area to make it more comfortable and relaxing for them to read. By having the pillows the students will be able to move around the room as well if they need to find a more relaxing area for them to read. The storage containers will be used to organize our books that we currently have in the classroom.\r\n\r\nBy donating to my project you are giving my students the opportunity to have a more relaxing and enjoyable time reading in the reading center.\r\n\r\nThis will not only be able to be used with my students this year, but for many years to come."
496c3930899d106064e1594493f4c20b,Ms.,TX,2017-01-25 05:05:12,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Environmental Science, Health & Life Science",My students need wobble stools to help them focus and attend to tasks for long periods of time.,3,1,"STEM Classroom Seating-Staying Actively Engaged Body And MindMy students are from a very high poverty school with 98% being classified as economically disadvantaged. They are very curious and eager to explore the world around. They are full of energy and enthusiasm. \r\nMany of my students lack the confidence and concentration to stay focused on their work. Our school begins accepting students at 7:00am with instruction beginning at 7:25am and we do not dismiss until 3:40pm.  This is a very long day for the students and can make concentration at the end of the day difficult.  \r\nMy students are willing to put in work to make improvements, they just need a few more tools to help them be as successful as I know they can be.I have a few wobble stools, but my students need more. My students are always trying to get into the classroom first so they can get a wobble stool. These stools help students keep peoper posture, stay focused, breathe better (which helps their brains), and sit in the most comfortable position for them.\r\nThe ammount of work completed and completed well increases for the students who procure one of the wobble stools we already have.  I would be beneficial for every student in the room to have the opportunity to use one each and every day. It's all about active learning. We all need some movement when we are trying to learn, however, young people often need even more movement when trying to learn.\r\n\r\n"
4af03e6bae551c1b0aeeaef87dd110e4,Ms.,CA,2017-03-16 15:53:18,Grades 3-5,"Health & Sports, Special Needs","Health & Wellness, Special Needs","My students need yoga mats to start our days with yoga, movement, and meditation.",0,1,"Yoga Mats for Clear Minds and Calm BodiesMy students are super stars! We are a 2nd-5th grade special education class full of bright and friendly students. We work hard every day to do our best. We try to be engaged members of our community and show others that students with disabilities are able to do many things! We love listening to stories, playing social games, and dancing. \r\n\r\nOur students are a diverse group. We are part of a low income school in the Bay Area. Our students come from many cultural backgrounds and experiences. \r\nOur students will use these yoga mats for yoga and meditation. We will be starting a mindfulness program to help students calm their minds and bodies and be ready for school. We will start each day with our morning exercises and kid-friendly guided meditation.\r\n\r\nYoga and mindfulness will help to create a calm environment for students to learn. Our students have special needs including ADHD, emotional disabilities, learning disabilities, and Autism. It will help to teach our students different strategies to deal with their emotions and cope with stress and anxiety. The mats will give students a home space to practice."
2b9bacd2136f9d045ec9eab15099655a,Ms.,NY,2016-10-02 04:08:53,Grades 3-5,Math & Science,"Applied Sciences, Mathematics","My students need LEGO and K'NEX building sets, and art supplies for our makerspace.",2,1,"Coming Soon: Makerspace for Third Grade Tinkerers!My third grade tinkerers are part of an amazing school in Brooklyn, New York.  Our thriving community has big hopes and dreams, but our students dont always have access to essential learning materials.  Some of them face additional challenges, as they are second language learners.  In spite of these roadblocks, my students are scholars with boundless curiosity and creativity!  Their zest for exploring and learning continually renews my own passion for learning and reminds me why I love this job.Makerspaces are great for teaching STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math).  A makerspace is a collaborative center where students explore and share ideas, tinker with materials, design, invent, build, and much more.  Students collaborate and work on projects of their own design.  In a nutshell, makerspaces bring education to life by giving kids time and resources to apply their curiosity, talents and creativity!  \r\n\r\nI want to encourage my students love of learning and innovation by creating a makerspace in our classroom.  My students have diverse learning styles and need a variety of building materials.  They need LEGO and KNEX sets, Twisteez, modeling clay and art supplies for designing and constructing models and prototypes.  They will use the Makey Makey kits to explore basic electronics and apply what they learn from their computer science instruction.  Well use the plastic containers to keep all these wonderful resources organized.\r\n"
7004d3aee91f4b4dd6ec90ea5461e905,Ms.,CT,2016-09-09 09:11:23,Grades 6-8,Literacy & Language,Literature & Writing,My students need six Fire Tablets to help groups team up with technology.,19,1,"Teaming Up With Technology!My students are Sixth Graders attending an intermediate school in Connecticut. They come from all areas of town and are mostly from an urban setting.\r\nI want my classroom to be a place where they can comfortably learn in a safe and exciting environment. \r\n\r\nThis group is extremely diverse in their special learning needs and abilities. In my classroom I encourage my students to create, present, and work with their Google accounts daily. The possibilities for learning and innovation are endless with technology!\r\n\r\nLearning doesn't have to end in the classroom. My students need portable Fire Tablets will help enhance student engagement in all subject areas. Students will be able to move about the classroom, and school while working with these mobile tablets. \r\n\r\nImplementation of tablets in group work settings presents endless opportunities for learning. \r\n\r\n These portable devices will allow for interactive learning. Students will be able to have a hands-on approach to their subjects even outside the classroom. These devices will help all my students no matter their varied learning styles. I am encouraging my students to enhance their learning through new technology. \r\n\r\nBy donating to this project, you are helping to make each lesson interactive for my students."
